Mahadirga Maranando Lasut (born in Manado, Sulawesi Utara, 17 August 1988) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persija Jakarta as a midfielder.
Richard (Dick) Talens is an entrepreneur and fitness coach.
Jacques Piou (1838-1932) was a French lawyer and politician.
Jypsi (pronounced like 'gypsy') was an American country music group composed of four siblings, all with the surname Rische: Amber-Dawn (fiddle, vocals), Frank (guitar, vocals), Lillie Mae (lead vocals), and Scarlett (mandolin, vocals).
Cheryl Reeve is an American basketball head coach, currently coaching the Minnesota Lynx of the WNBA.
John M. Brown III is Commander of United States Army Pacific Command, headquartered at Fort Shafter, Hawaii.
Milan Singh (born 15 May 1992) is an Indian footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Shillong Lajong in the I-League.
Dale Stewart (born 30 March 1985) is a New Zealand film director, producer, editor and screenwriter, best known for his 2012 horror film Compound.
"Anyone for Tennis (The Savage Seven Theme)" is a 1968 song by the English rock band Cream which was featured in the 1968 movie The Savage Seven.
James A. Knight, MD (October 20, 1918 – July 17, 1998) was a psychiatrist, theologian, medical ethicist, and ordained Methodist minister.
Ron Farmer was involved in the building of the Mission Raceway Park, a racetrack in Mission, British Columbia, Canada.
Patrick Lynch (born 1659, date of death unknown) was allegedly healed by a miracle.
Powerball, known in Japan as Wrestleball (レッスルボール), is a video game for the Sega Genesis released in 1991 from Namco Hometek.
Canterbury Park (NASDAQ: CPHC) is a horse racing track located in Shakopee, Minnesota, USA.
Khan Market (Hindi: ख़ान बाज़ार, Punjabi: ਖ਼ਾਨ ਬਾਜ਼ਾਰ, Urdu: خان بازار‎), established in 1951 and named in honour of Khan Abdul Jabbar Khan (brother of Khan Abdul Ghaffar Khan), has been ranked as the costliest retail location in India.
Kozia Wieś [ˈkɔʑa ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasocin, within Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
Felicity is a village in Clermont County, Ohio, United States.
The Football Federation of Abkhazia regulates football in Abkhazia.
Rae Sremmurd (pronunciation: Ray-shrim-er) is an American hip hop duo, composed of two brothers, Khalif "Swae Lee" Brown and Aaquil "Slim Jimmy"  Brown, best known for their platinum singles "No Flex Zone" and "No Type," which peaked at thirty-six and sixteen on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart, respectively.
Lizzie Dripping (released in its second year under the title, Lizzy Dripping Again) was a British television children's programme produced by the BBC in 1973 and 1975.
Jieshi Diao Youlan (Chinese: 碣石調幽蘭; literally: "Solitary Orchid in the Stone Tablet Mode") or just "Solitary Orchid" ("Secluded Orchid" or "Elegant Orchid" in some translations) is the name of a piece of Chinese music or melody for the guqin which was composed during the 6th or 7th century, with the earliest preserved text dating from the 7th century, and is possibly the oldest surviving piece of written music in the Far East.
The party leadership of the United States Senate refers to the officials elected by the Senate Democratic Caucus and the Senate Republican Conference to manage the affairs of each party in the Senate.
Beaumont-en-Cambrésis is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
The Home Depot Coach of the Year Award is given annually to college football's top head coach.
Charles Raymond Reynolds (September 9, 1932 – November 4, 2010) was a behind-the-scenes magician involved with virtually every elements of magic production—inventing illusions, producing and direction magic acts, helping performers perfect their acts, and writing on the subject.
On April 2, 1582 Ancuancu (in present-day La Paz Department, Bolivia) was struck by an earthquake, that reportedly buried all of the inhabitants except for one chief who reportedly lost the ability to speak.
Senator Beauregard Claghorn of Charleston, South Carolina, was a popular radio character on the "Allen's Alley" segment of The Fred Allen Show, beginning in 1945.
Humboldt is a town in Minnehaha County, South Dakota, United States.
Local on the 8s (or the Local Forecast) is a program segment that airs on the American cable and satellite television network The Weather Channel.
Mirko Höfflin (born June 18, 1992) is a German ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Straubing Tigers on loan from Adler Mannheim in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).
The arithmetization of analysis was a research program in the foundations of mathematics carried out in the second half of the 19th century.
Sandhaven is a small fishing village in Aberdeenshire, Scotland that lies between Rosehearty and Fraserburgh.
Per Michael "Joe" Ljunggren (March 22, 1962 – July 17, 1995) was a Swedish mobster and President of the Bandidos Motorcycle Club's Swedish chapters.
ASD San Giorgio a Cremano (also known as 'San Giorgio Calcio', and 'San Giorgio 1926') is an Italian association football club, first founded in 1926, and based in San Giorgio a Cremano, Campania.
Brian Sampson (15 February 1941 – 16 December 2012) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon in the VFL.
The 1996 King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes was a horse race held at Ascot Racecourse on Saturday 27 July 1996.
The 2014 Currie Cup qualification was a tournament organised by the South African Rugby Union.
The Villa Gallarati Scotti is a rural palace located near the town of Vimercate, in the Province of Monza and Brianza, in the Region of Lombardy, Italy.
Mitchell Cohen is an author, political essayist, and since 1991, co-editor of Dissent, one of America’s leading intellectual quarterlies.
Soggadu is a 2005 Tollywood film produced by D. Suresh on Suresh Productions banner.
The 2010 ATP Salzburg Indoors was a professional tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts.
Nieuw-Buinen is a town in the Dutch province of Drenthe.
Route 57 is an east–west Massachusetts state route that runs from Monterey to Agawam.
Torrubia del Castillo is a municipality located in the province of Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain.
The Hofenmühle is an 18th-century water mill in the municipality of Wohlen near Bern, Switzerland.
In mathematics, an inverse system in a category C is a functor from a small cofiltered category I to C. An inverse system is sometimes called a pro-object in C. The dual concept is a direct system.
Un Día de Octubre is a Mexican music group.
Football is a widely practiced and popular sport in Venezuela, although the sport has lagged behind baseball in popularity.
Hjelmelandsvågen is the administrative centre of Hjelmeland municipality, Norway.
This is a timeline documenting the events of heavy metal in the year 1975.
Ferryhill is a district in the city of Aberdeen, on the north-east coast of Scotland, United Kingdom.
Black Cobra (Cobra nero in Italy) is an Italian Blaxploitation series of four action films.
Girmit Soccer Tournament is a football tournament organised in Fiji by the Fiji Football Association.
Stephen de Segrave (or Stephen Sedgrave or Stephen Segrave) (c.
Léon Gurekian (Armenian: Լեւոն Կիւրեղեան; April 26, 1871 in Constantinople - September 2, 1950 in Asolo) was an Ethnic Armenian architect, writer and political activist.
Sky Living Loves was a British television channel owned by British Sky Broadcasting.
Alonakia (Greek: Αλωνάκια) is a municipal department of the city of Kozani in northern Greece.
Maheshpur is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal.
Apple stem pitting virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Betaflexiviridae.
A square mile is a unit of area equal to the area of a square of one mile in length on each side.
Roberts-Quay House is a historic home located in the Washington Square West neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Juan José Timón (18 November 1937 – 13 July 2001) is a former Uruguayan cyclist.
The cubic mile of oil (CMO) is a unit of energy.
Aleksandra Sikora (born 7 February 1991) is a Polish football defender, currently playing for Medyk Konin.
Arthur Schlossmann (16 December 1867 – 5 June 1932, Düsseldorf) was a German pediatrician and social public health specialist.
A tree farm is a privately owned forest managed for timber production.
Musakhel District (Pashto: موسی خېل ولسوالۍ‎, Persian: ولسوالی موسی‌خیل‎) is situated in the northern part of the Khost Province, Afghanistan.
Duane Keith Galloway (born November 7, 1961) is a former American football cornerback in the National Football League.
Sognsvann (or Sognsvannet) is a 3.
Tin-Tin Kyrano is a fictional character introduced the mid-1960s British Supermarionation television series Thunderbirds.
Edward Wheeler Bird was an Anglo-Indian judge who founded the British Israelite Movement.
The Belgian Fourth Division B is one of the four leagues at the fourth level of the Belgian football league system, the other ones being the Belgian Fourth Division A, C and D. This division exists since the 1952-53 season and is played every year with 16 clubs in each league.
Garriguella is a municipality in the comarca of Alt Empordà, Girona, Catalonia, Spain.
Lee Jae-Hyuk (Hangul: 이재혁, Hanja: 李在赫) (born May 20, 1969 in Andong, Gyeongsangbuk-do, South Korea) is a retired South Korean amateur boxer.
Werauhia rugosa is a species in the genus Werauhia.
The Krähenbach is a tributary of the Danube on the Baar plateau in Tuttlingen in the Upper Danube Nature Park .
Babul Datta (born 11 January 1956) is a former Indian cricketer.
Events in the year 1936 in Japan.
Supermen Against the Orient (also known as Crash che botte!
Tang-i-Panj (Persian: تنگ پنج‎, also known as Tang Panj; also known as Nīk Panch) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Sir Alfred William Meeks KBE (15 April 1849 – 6 March 1932) was an English-born Australian politician.
Gwendolyn Sontheim Meyer is an American heiress and equestrian.
Johan Henrik Andresen (25 March 1815 – 5 June 1874) was a Norwegian merchant, factory owner and politician.
Thalia pavonii is a species of plant in the Marantaceae family.
In the United States, anesthesia can be administered independently by anesthesiologists or by nurse anesthetists.
Joyeuse is the name of Charlemagne's sword.
The Church of Our Lady of Egmanton is a parish church in the Church of England in Egmanton, Nottinghamshire.
Ludwig Obry was an Austrian engineer and naval officer of the Austrian Navy who invented a gyroscopic device for steering a torpedo in 1895.
The Commission on Protecting and Reducing Government Secrecy, also called the Moynihan Secrecy Commission, after its chairman, U.S. Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan, was a bipartisan statutory commission in the United States.
The St. Paul's Church of Strasbourg (French: Église réformée Saint-Paul or Église Saint-Paul de Strasbourg) is a major Gothic Revival architecture building and one of the landmarks of the city of Strasbourg, in Alsace, France.
Nully is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
The Astoria Symphony was a professional orchestra based in Astoria, New York, in the borough of Queens.
Porky's Spring Planting is a seven-minute Looney Tunes short film starring Porky Pig, released in July 1938.
Takehisa Kato (加藤武久, Katō Takehisa, born 8 December 1941) is a former Japanese cyclist.
Daniele Russo (born 3 November 1985) is a Swiss Defender, who currently plays for FC St. Gallen.
Bomoon High School is located in Sam-Sung-Dong, Daejeon in South Korea.
Rajput is a Hindi film released in 1982.
The Buffalo Sabres are a professional hockey team that came into existence in 1970 and have participated in 42 National Hockey League Entry Drafts.
The Paraitinga River (upper Tietê River) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
Corpse paint or corpsepaint is a style of black-and-white makeup, used by black metal bands during live concerts and photo shoots.
St. Charles is a city in Madison County, Iowa, United States.
The 1981 Holiday Bowl was a college football bowl game played December 18, 1981 in San Diego, California.
AppleJack was a command-line interface for Mac OS X that provided a simplified user interface for single user mode system repairs.
Kutha (Kuttha) meat is defined as "meat of animal or fowl slaughtered slowly", as prescribed by the Halal and Kosher rituals.
Five Go Off In A Caravan is the fifth book in the Famous Five series by the British author, Enid Blyton and published by Hodder and Stoughton.
This is the progression of world record improvements of the 5000 metres M60 division of Masters athletics.
Dragovo is a village in Karnobat Municipality, in Burgas Province, in southeastern Bulgaria.
In botany and agriculture, stunting describes a plant disease that results in dwarfing and loss of vigor.
Abbey is the electoral ward covering the centre of Bath, England.
The WIMP Argon Programme (WARP) is an experiment at Laboratori Nazionali del Gran Sasso, Italy, for the research of cold dark matter.
Chwalibogowo [xfalibɔˈɡɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
Susan Anderson, DCSW is a private practice psychotherapist in New York and an American author of self-help books on the emotional trauma of being spurned in a romantic relationship.
Emil Grünig (26 July 1915 – 25 October 1994) was a Swiss sports shooter.
Ka.
Raul Antonio Viver (born 17 March 1961) is a former professional tennis player from Ecuador.
Francis Irwin Burnell (?
Romany Bain (22 March 1924 – 29 March 2015) was a British journalist and showbusiness interviewer.
Mister Roberts is a 1948 play based on the 1946 Thomas Heggen novel of the same name.
Joseph Bayma (November, 1816 in Piedmont, Italy – February 7, 1892 at Santa Clara, California) was a mathematician, philosopher, and scientist.
United Kingdom participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2003.
Freethinkers' Pinnacle Party or Summit of Freethinkers or Freethinkers Front (Persian: حزب چکاد آزاداندیشان‎, Chekad-e Azadandishan) is an Iranian principalist political party founded in 2000, mostly by Islamic Azad University academics.
The Houston toad (Bufo houstonensis) is an endangered species of amphibian that is endemic to Texas in the United States.
John Henry Barrow (1817 – 22 August 1874) was a Congregational minister, journalist and South Australian politician.
Baltic State Technical University "Voenmeh" D.F.Ustinov (Russian: Балтийский государственный технический университет "Военмех" им.
Vire (French: [viʁ]) is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.
Liberty Counsel is an Irish bred racehorse that won the Irish Grand National in 2013.
A Blast resistant mine is a landmine (intended for anti-tank or anti-personnel purposes) with a fuze which is designed to be insensitive to the shock wave from a nearby explosion.
Zakupne (Ukrainian: Закупне) is an urban-type settlement in the Chemerivtsi Raion (district) of Khmelnytskyi Oblast (province) in western Ukraine.
Stephen Baron (died 1520?
Hugh Marlowe (January 30, 1911 – May 2, 1982) was an American film, television, stage and radio actor.
Alianza Petrolera is a professional Colombian football team based in Barrancabermeja, that currently plays in the Categoría Primera A. Alianza Petrolera, founded in 1991, played in the Categoría Primera B until 2012.
Starjak is a village in Croatia.
Angylocalyx talbotii is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
Manduca dilucida is a moth of the Sphingidae family.
Mohammed Abdi Kuti is a Kenyan politician.
Below is a list of state visits made by King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden.
Johann Wieland (born January 1, 1972) is an Austrian ski mountaineer.
Events from the year 1602 in Ireland.
The Hackney is a recognized breed of horse that was developed in Great Britain.
The 2010 United Football Cup was the second edition of the United Football Cup, a Philippine football tournament, that ran from October 16, 2010 to January 22, 2011.
The men's shot put event at the 1988 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Sudbury, Ontario, Canada, at Laurentian University Stadium on 29 and 30 July.
Fusō (扶桑町, Fusō-chō ) is a town located in Niwa District, Aichi Prefecture, Japan.
George Buller (1607 – c.
Klaus Eberhard (born 15 September 1957) is a former professional tennis player from West Germany.
Mt.
Dajia Lake (Chinese: 打加错; pinyin: Dǎjā Cuò) or Tak Kyel Tso (Tibetan: སྟག་རྐྱལ་མཚོ, Wylie: stag rkyal mtsho, ZYPY: Takkyel Tso), is a lake in Saga County in the Shigatse Prefecture of the Tibet Autonomous Region of China.
Jonathan Daniel Harper (born 15 February 1978 in Reading, Berkshire, England) is a session musician and started his musical career as the drummer for Reading-based British Alternative rock band, The Cooper Temple Clause.
Longtown is a small town in northern Cumbria, England, with a population of around 3,000.
Pałówko [paˈwufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Postomino, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.
Banié is a town and sub-prefecture in the Yomou Prefecture in the Nzérékoré Region of south-eastern Guinea.
Robin Pingeton (born July 9, 1968) is the head coach of the University of Missouri's women's basketball team.
The Fireman's Curse is the second studio album by Australian rock band, Hunters & Collectors, which was released on 5 September 1983.
Charlie Healy (5 September 1899 – 18 March 1985) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Southeast Sulawesi (Indonesian: Sulawesi Tenggara, abbreviation: Sultra) is a province on the Sulawesi, forming the southeastern peninsula of that island, together with a number of large offshore islands such as Buton, Muna, Kabaena and Wawonii, with smaller islands.
Markian Mikhaylovich Popov (Russian: Маркиан Михайлович Попов; 1902 – 1969) was a Soviet military commander, Army General (26.
Pandit Arwind Thatte is a well known harmonium player.
Nkima is a fictional character in Edgar Rice Burroughs' Tarzan novels, and in adaptations of the saga to other media, particularly comics.
Arshag Karagheusian (Armenian: Արշակ Կարագյոզյան; 1872 - September 24, 1963) was an Armenian rug manufacturer and co-owner of A. & M. Karagheusian, Inc..
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to Sierra Leone: Sierra Leone – sovereign country located in West Africa.
Sacchidananda Bharati I (Tamil: ஸ்ரீ ஸச்சிதாநந்த பாரதீ - 1, Devanāgarī: श्रीसच्चिदानन्द भारती - 1), was a Hindu sant and religious leader of the 17th century.
Anthony Thornton (November 9, 1814 - September 10, 1904) was an American attorney who served as a U.S. Representative from Illinois and a Justice of the Illinois Supreme Court.
Stephanie Sachiko "Sachi" Parker (born September 1, 1956) is an American actress who has numerous film and television credits.
PSPS U-21, an acronym for Persatuan Sepak Bola Pekanbaru dan Sekitarnya Under-21 is an Indonesian football team based in Pekanbaru.
Niue competed at the 2011 Commonwealth Youth Games in the Isle of Man from 7 to 13 September 2011.
Kenneth S. Warren (June 11, 1929 – September 18, 1996) was an American scientist, physician, educator and public health advocate.
Andrianam is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
Lazarus (Italian: Lazzaro) was Archbishop of Milan from 438 to 449.
Latro may refer to: latro, the Latin word for "bandit, highway robberyman"; see latrocinium the cognomen of Marcus Porcius Latro; saint and bishop Latro of Laon; the protagonist of Gene Wolfe's novel Soldier of the Mist and its sequels.
Gamal Fahnbulleh is a British journalist and presenter employed by Sky News.
Aleardo Terzi (1870–1943) was an Italian illustrator and artist.
Elaeocarpus angustifolius is a rainforest tree in the Elaeocarpaceae family, bearing bitter edible fruit.
Juodkrantė (literally: Black Shore, German: Schwarzort [Black Place]) with permanent population of about 720 people is a quiet Lithuanian seaside resort village located on the Curonian Spit.
Johannes Braun (28 October 1919 - 17 July 2004) was a Roman Catholic Bishop and an Apostolic Administrator in Magdeburg.
Hoplunnis schmidti is an eel in the family Nettastomatidae (duckbill/witch eels).
The captain of a cricket team, often referred to as the skipper, is the appointed leader, having several additional roles and responsibilities over and above those of a regular player.
Diego Pacheco Téllez-Girón Gómez de Sandoval, also called Diego Fernández de Velasco y Pacheco or Diego Pacheco Telles Giron Fernandez de Velasco y Enrique (1754 – Paris, 1811), was a Spanish noble and politician, who supported the French during the Peninsular War, and who was therefore known as an Afrancesado.
The Royal Welsh (R WELSH) (Welsh: Y Cymry Brenhinol) is one of the new large infantry regiments of the British Army.
Baashha is a 1995 Indian Tamil action film directed by Suresh Krissna.
Opera is a term commonly used in Tuscany (Italy)) to describe the Fabrica ecclesiae foundations.
Llapa District is one of thirteen districts of the province San Miguel in Peru.
Ristar, released as Ristar the Shooting Star (リスター・ザ・シューティングスター, Risutā za Shūtingu Sutā) in Japan, is a platform game developed by Sonic Team and published by Sega for the Sega Genesis in 1995.
The club naiad, clubshell pearly mussel, or clubshell, scientific name Pleurobema clava, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.
Antrocarcinus petrosus is a species of crab in the family Xanthidae, the only species in the genus Antrocarcinus.
The Hessen-Pokal is a Group 3 flat horse race in Germany open to thoroughbreds aged three years or older.
Bronislava Dobiášová (born 27 April 1998) is a Slovak figure skater, the 2014 senior national champion.
Jay Lender (born June 14, 1969 in New Haven, Connecticut, United States) is an American television writer and director.
Ameen Rihani Museum is a biographical museum in Freike, Lebanon.
not to be confused with Blessed Gerard of Clairvaux Saint Gerard of Clairvaux (died 1138) was the older brother of Bernard of Clairvaux.
Acanthodica drucei is a moth of the Noctuidae family.
People-centered development is an approach to international development that focuses on improving local communities’ self-reliance, social justice, and participatory decision-making.
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Braine-le-Comte.
The 2,500-ton steamship Woodville was built in 1892 for Woodville SS Co Ltd (Balls & Stansfield) of North Shields.
Bahadur is the Hindustani form of Baghatur, a Mongol term for "warrior"; it literally means brave.
Joshua Rotimi "Josh" Emmanuel (born 15 August 1997) is an English professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Ipswich Town in the Championship.
Water polo was contested for men only at the 2002 Central American and Caribbean Games in San Salvador, El Salvador.
The 1992 Las Vegas Bowl was an American college football bowl game played at Sam Boyd Stadium in Whitney, Nevada on December 18, 1992.
The East Valley is a region within the Phoenix metropolitan area southeast of South Mountain, Papago Butte and the Phoenix Mountains.
Australia competed at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States, winning its first two gold medals in the Winter Games.
David Kirby or "D.
Allan Robert McKinnon is a former Massachusetts politician who served as a member of the Massachusetts State Senate from 1971 to 1985, Deputy Secretary of Transportation from 1985 to 1988, and Chairman of the Massachusetts Turnpike Authority from 1988 to 1996.
Aristotelia macrothecta is a moth of the Gelechiidae family.
Czartkowo [t͡ʂartˈkɔvɔ] (German: Brückenkrug) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Rymań, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.
Scopula impicta is a moth of the Geometridae family.
Giuseppe Attardi (September 14, 1923 – April 5, 2008) was an American molecular biologist of Italian origin, a professor at the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena.
Kein Ärger mit Cleopatra (English-language title: No Trouble with Cleopatra) is an East German comedy film, directed by Helmut Schneider.
The men's changquan three events combined competition (Changquan, Daoshu and Gunshu) at the 2006 Asian Games in Doha, Qatar was held from 11 to 14 December at the Aspire Hall 3.
Vértiz is a village and rural locality (municipality) in La Pampa Province in Argentina.
The St. Francis Brooklyn Terriers men's basketball program represents St. Francis College in intercollegiate men's basketball.
Anders Christian Sjaastad (born 21 February 1942) is a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party, and a parliamentary representative for Oslo from 1993–1997.
The Town of Garden City is a Statutory Town located in Weld County, Colorado, United States.
Mount Olivet Cemetery is a cemetery in Newark in the U.S. state of New Jersey.
Count Ludwig Joseph von Boos-Waldeck (26 November 1798 – 1 October 1880) was a German noble who promoted the settling of Texas by Germans.
Dextromethadone is an antitussive opioid.
In the Arms of an Angel is the debut studio album by Scottish singer Nicholas McDonald, who finished as the runner-up on the tenth series of The X Factor in 2013.
Peristernia zealandica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails, the tulip snails and their allies.
Shepard Mosekgwa (born 22 May 1976) is a Botswanan footballer who currently plays as a defender for Botswana Meat Commission FC.
Lou Campanelli is an American basketball coach.
Meymik is a village in Badakhshan Province in north-eastern Afghanistan.
DIVE INTO STREAM, released on July 2, 2008, is the twenty-ninth original single by the Japanese band m.
The following is a timeline of the history of the city of Frankfurt am Main, Germany.
The 1965 VFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football game contested between the Essendon Football Club and St Kilda Football Club, held at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in Melbourne on 25 September 1965.
Axel Pettersen (1 July 1864 – 29 July 1928) was a Norwegian businessperson and politician.
Estella Campavias (1918–1990) was a British sculptor and ceramicist.
RING1 and YY1-binding protein is a protein that in humans is encoded by the RYBP gene.
The Church of San Pedro Apóstol (Spanish: Iglesia de San Pedro Apóstol) is a church located in Ribatejada, Spain.
The Hope Lutheran Church, also known as Old Stone Church, is a historic church built in approximately 1898 and located seven miles north of Elgin, North Dakota.
A needle dam is a weir designed to maintain the level or flow of a river through the use of thin "needles" of wood.
WTLV, virtual channel 12 (VHF digital channel 13), is an NBC-affiliated television station located in Jacksonville, Florida, United States.
HARM or H.A.R.M.
The Hudson Bay wolf (Canis lupus hudsonicus), is a possible subspecies of gray wolf native to northern Keewatin, including the northwestern coast of Hudson Bay.
Cambridge is a city in Middlesex County in eastern Massachusetts, United States.
Witów [ˈvituf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
Wola Zambrowska [ˈvɔla zamˈbrɔfska] is a village in north-east Poland near Zambrów in Podlaskie Voivodeship.
This is the list of Findings in section 12.
Carol Steen is an artist, writer, curator, and synesthete who lives and works in New York.
Zetterstrom is a surname.
For Rod Anderson, a Canadian writer and musician, see Rod Anderson (writer) Rod Anderson is a race car driver born in Australia.
Aberdeen Station is a train station in Aberdeen, Maryland on the Northeast Corridor.
Nebraska Highway 52 is a highway in central Nebraska.
The list that follows is of all the mares that have won the honor of being named Kentucky Broodmare of the Year.
Peggy Dolan was a dancer and actress in theater and vaudeville in the 1920s.
The 2011 Women's Hockey Champions Challenge II was the second edition of the Hockey Champions Challenge II for women.
Thomas Cobham was an English churchman.
Kara Kohler (born January 20, 1991) is an American female crew rower.
Rincewind is a fictional character appearing in several of the Discworld novels by Terry Pratchett.
Grameen Telecom (GTC) is a not-for-profit company in Bangladesh established by Dr. Muhammad Yunus with a partial stake in Grameen Phone (GP).
Method overriding, in object oriented programming, is a language feature that allows a subclass or child class to provide a specific implementation of a method that is already provided by one of its superclasses or parent classes.
The 2013 Prince Edward Island Scotties Tournament of Hearts, Prince Edward Island's women's provincial curling championship, was held from January 24 to 27 at the Charlottetown Curling Club in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island.
Caruthersville is the most populous city in and the county seat of Pemiscot County, Missouri, United States, located along the Mississippi River in the Bootheel region of the state's far southeast.
Marcus Schrenker (born November 22, 1970) is a financial manager known for attempting to fake his own death due to years of financial and legal trouble and the multi-state, three-day manhunt that followed in January 2009.
Ekinyazı is a village in the District of Ceyhan, Adana Province, Turkey.
Ghashamsham (Arabic: غشمشم‎) is a Saudi comedy program starring Fahd Al-Hayyan that was shown on the MBC channel in the month of Ramadan, in September 2014.
"The Secret Miracle" is a short story by Argentine writer and poet Jorge Luis Borges.
A micelle (/maɪˈsɛl/) or micella (/maɪˈsɛlə/) (plural micelles or micellae, respectively) is an aggregate of surfactant molecules dispersed in a liquid colloid.
Mark Howard Stephens CBE (born 7 April 1957) is an English solicitor specialising in media law, intellectual property rights and human rights with the firm HowardKennedyFsi.
Rodney "Rod" Troy McDonald (born 11 April 1992) is an English football player who plays for Northampton Town.
Ty Powell (born April 27, 1988) is an outside linebacker who currently plays for the Buffalo Bills.
"John Barnes European Football" is a soccer video game developed by Krisalis in 1992.
Melodifestivalen 1981 was the selection for the 21st song to represent Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest.
"Round Here" is the first single from Memphis Bleek's third album, M.A.D.E.
Ooni Orarigba was the 44th Ooni of Ife, a paramout traditional ruler of Ile Ife, the ancestral home of the Yorubas.
Anarrhotus is a genus of jumping spiders.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 322, adopted unanimously on November 22, 1972, after reaffirming previous resolutions and considering the Organisation of African Unity's recognition of the revolutionary movements of Angola, Guinea-Bissau, Cape Verde and Mozambique, the Council called on the government of Portugal to cease its military operations and all acts of repression against the people of those territories.
Sugar Ridge is an unincorporated community in Wood County, Ohio, United States.
The Hillary Shield is contested between England and New Zealand at rugby union and the first match was played on 29 November 2008 at Twickenham Stadium, London.
Hoi Tin Tong (Chinese: 海天堂) is a chain of herbal products stores in Hong Kong.
In computer science, weight-balanced binary trees (WBTs) are a type of self-balancing binary search trees that can be used to implement dynamic sets, dictionaries (maps) and sequences.
Alliance Sportive de Casablanca or Rabita de Casablanca (Arabic: الرابطة الرياضية البيضاوية), is a Moroccan handball team based in Casablanca, that plays in Moroccan Handball League.
Professor Michael Foley is an international relations scholar and current head of the Department of International Politics at Aberystwyth University in Wales, United Kingdom.
USS Procyon (AF-61) was an Alstede-class stores ship acquired by the U.S. Navy.
Leonard Typpö (29 January 1868, Rautio - 27 June 1922) was a Finnish farmer and lay preacher.
Apolizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that is being studied as a treatment for hematologic cancers.
Machaerium nicaraguense is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
The International Inline-Skater hockey Federation (IISHF) is an international sporting federation that internationally organizes skater hockey.
Vaclovas Biržiška (2 December 1884 – 3 January 1956) was a Lithuanian attorney, bibliographer, and educator.
Warren Mott High School is a Blue Ribbon school located in Warren, Michigan on 12 Mile Road between Ryan Road and Dequindre Road.
Bhuvana Chandra is an Indian lyricist, renowned for his work in the Telugu film industry.
The Olivet Discourse or Olivet prophecy is a biblical passage found in the Synoptic Gospels in Mark 13, Matthew 24, Luke 21.
The Borodin Quartet is a string quartet that was founded in 1945 in the then Soviet Union.
Lectionary 160, designated by siglum ℓ 160 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering) is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on paper leaves.
William Lowther, 1st Earl of Lonsdale KG (29 December 1757 – 19 March 1844) was a British Tory politician and nobleman.
Laura Clay (February 9, 1849 – June 29, 1941), co-founder and first president of the Kentucky Equal Rights Association, was a leader of the American women's suffrage movement.
Bonnefoi is a commune in the Orne department in northwestern France.
Loreto (Spanish   ) is a municipality of the Mexican state of Baja California Sur.
Mother Teresa of Kolkata has been memorialized throughout the world in recognition of her work with the poor.
Navia splendens is a species in the genus Navia.
John Marvin (October 17, 1927 – June 22, 1980) was an American competitive sailor and Olympic medalist.
Alexander Lindsay Hosie (6 August 1890 – 11 June 1957) was an English cricketer who played for a large number of different teams in England and in India.
Castles and Dreams is a DVD released by the band Blackmore's Night in 2005.
Wang Chuanfu (Chinese: 王传福) is a Chinese chemist, businessman and founder of BYD Company.
Synalocha gutierreziae is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.
The Canso Canal is a short canal located in Nova Scotia, Canada.
Arkansas Highway 463 (AR 463 and Hwy.
Murtas is a municipality located in the province of Granada, Spain.
Hester Street Collaborative (HSC) is a nonprofit organization whose mission is to improve the physical environment in underserved New York City neighborhoods using a participatory planning and design approach.
The Adams-Higgins House is a historic home in Spencer, Iowa.
Bethany House Publishers is a publisher that publishes Christian fiction and non-fiction books.
Kagato Station (香登駅, Kagato-eki) is a railway station in Bizen, Okayama Prefecture, Japan.
The following is a list of colleges, seminaries and universities owned and operated by the Seventh-day Adventist Church (with exceptions noted).
The South African Post Office Amendment Act separated the now defunct South African Department of Posts and Telecommunications (SAPT) into a separate post company and telecommunications company.
The 1900 municipal election was held December 10, 1900 for the purpose of electing a mayor and three aldermen to sit on the Edmonton Town Council, as well as five public school trustees and four separate school trustees.
Julian Medforth Budden, BA, BMus (9 April 1924, Hoylake, Wirral – 28 February 2007, Florence, Italy) was a British opera scholar, radio producer and broadcaster.
The Ringworld science fiction role-playing game was published by Chaosium in 1984, using the Basic Role-Playing system for its rules and Larry Niven's Ringworld novels as a setting.
HMCS Dawson was a Flower-class corvette that served in the Royal Canadian Navy (RCN) during the Second World War.
Adolpho A. Birch, Jr. (September 22, 1932 – August 25, 2011) was an American lawyer and judge who was the first African American to serve as Chief Justice of the Tennessee Supreme Court.
The Explorer Group is the United Kingdom's second largest manufacturer of caravans, based in Consett.
Andreas Schrott (born 24 August 1981) is an Austrian footballer who plays for FC Liefering.
Some of the components of the Language Experience Approach were used in the 1920s; this approach to initial literacy is now been recognized and more widely used for the past thirty years.
Albert Cordingley (13 May 1871 – 30 April 1945) was a professional English cricketer, who played first-class cricket for Sussex after failing to secure a place in the Yorkshire first team owing to competition from Wilfred Rhodes.
A total of four Romanian athletes competed in the 4-man and 2-man bobsled events at the 1932 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid, United States.
The Mile High Miracle is the name given to both the NFL 2012 AFC Divisional playoff game between the Baltimore Ravens and Denver Broncos on January 12, 2013, and its defining play, a game-tying 70-yard touchdown pass from Baltimore quarterback Joe Flacco to receiver Jacoby Jones with under a minute left in regulation.
T.H.U.N.D.E.R.
The internal iliac artery (formerly known as the hypogastric artery) is the main artery of the pelvis.
Andrew William Ussher Furlong was Dean of Clonmacnoise from 1997 until 2002.
Right Back Where We Started From is the debut album by British R&B and soul music singer Maxine Nightingale The title track was first released as a single in the autumn of 1975 and reached #8 in the UK .
The Blackwater River of southeastern Virginia flows from its source near the city of Petersburg, Virginia for about 105 miles (170 km) through the Inner Coastal Plain region of Virginia (part of the Atlantic Coastal Plain).
Saint Anthony Abbot Tempted by a Heap of Gold is a painting by the 15th-century Sienese painter known as the Master of the Osservanza.
Evagoras Pallikarides (Greek: Ευαγόρας Παλληκαρίδης, 26 February 1938 – 14 March 1957) was a member of EOKA during the 1955–1959 campaign against British rule in Cyprus.
The Etnyre was an American automobile manufactured by the Etnyre Motor Car Company in Oregon, Illinois from 1910 until 1911 .
Lake Monroe is one of the lakes that make up the St. Johns River system.
This article presents a list of the historical events and publications of literature during 1956.
Chiloepalpus is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
Malaysia competed in the 2013 Asian Youth Games held in Nanjing, China from 16 to 24 August 2013.
WVRC may refer to: WVRC (AM), a radio station (1400 AM) licensed to Spencer, West Virginia, United States WVRC-FM, a radio station (104.
The One-and-a-half-stripe Hap (Protomelas insignis) is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it prefers rocky areas.
Challenge square dance, also known as Challenge dancing, is modern Western square dance at the most difficult or "challenging" levels.
John Humphrey (born 31 January 1961) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender from 1979 until 1997.
Igarapé Paraná is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
Hamāvāyān Ensemble (Persian: هم‌آوایان‎‎) is a renowned Persian music group.
Premalekhanam (The Love Letter) is Vaikom Muhammad Basheer's first work (1943) to be published as a book.
The 2007 WPA Men's World Nine-ball Championship (billed in the host country as 2007 Philippines World Pool Championship) was the 18th annual international nine-ball pool tournament for men sanctioned by the World Pool-Billiard Association (WPA).
The Sydney Millionaires were an early Canadian professional ice hockey team located in Sydney, Nova Scotia that challenged for the Stanley Cup in 1913.
Georgi Igorevich Sharov (Russian: Георгий Игоревич Шаров; born February 1, 1988) is a Russian professional football player.
Augustin Aimable Dumon-Dumortier (4 December 1791 – 28 January 1852) was a Belgian industrialist, diplomat and liberal politician.
The expander mixing lemma states that, for any two subsets  of a d-regular expander graph  with  vertices, the number of edges between  and  is approximately what you would expect in a random d-regular graph, i.
The 2015 CAF Confederation Cup qualifying rounds were played from 13 February to 3 May 2015.
Prestige Estates Projects Ltd. (BSE: 533274, NSE: PRESTIGE) is a property development and the flagship company of Prestige Group in South India.
The GNoSR Classes X and Y were two similar classes of 0-4-2T steam locomotives built by Manning Wardle for the Great North of Scotland Railway.
The western small-footed bat (Myotis ciliolabrum), also known as the western small-footed myotis, is a species of vesper bat native to North America.
Denise C. Garlick is an American state legislator serving in the Massachusetts House of Representatives.
The Siege of Saguntum was a battle which took place in 219 BC between the Carthaginians and the Saguntines at the Roman Hill town of Saguntum, near the modern town of Sagunto in the province of Valencia Spain.
The Coyote Brush Borer Plume Moth (Hellinsia grandis) is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is found in North America (including California), Mexico and Guatemala.
This is a List of minor planets/25001–25100.
In medicine, the window period for a test designed to detect a specific disease (particularly infectious disease) is the time between first infection and when the test can reliably detect that infection.
Penang Rummy or Si Rummy is a variant of the Rummy card game that was believed to have been invented in Penang in late 80s and became very popular in Malaysia.
CosmoBot is a child-friendly, interactive remote controlled telerehabilitation robot designed by AnthroTronix, Inc.[1].
Highway 28 is an east-west highway on the northern part of Vancouver Island, within the Strathcona Regional District.
Zarex was an American sweet drink concentrate.
The Baku International Film Festival East-West (Azerbaijani: Bakı Beynəlxalq Film Festivalı Şərq-Qərb), is the international film festival in Azerbaijan.
Telfer is a minesite in the Pilbara region of Western Australia, within the Great Sandy Desert.
William Crean (born 16 December 1951) is a Roman Catholic bishop in Ireland.
Kuchi–Hazara conflict is the series of conflicts between Kuchis and Hazaras over the lands in Hazarajat, the central highlands of Afghanistan, since the early 18th century.
Illas is a municipality in Asturias, Spain, located in the western central part of the province and bordered by the municipalities of Castrillón, Candamo, Llanera, and Corvera de Asturias.
The Vault is the widely used nickname in Marvel Comics of a fictional defunct prison facility for technological-based superhuman criminals (predominantly supervillains).
Marika Gombitová (/ˈmʌrɪkʌ ˈɡɒmbitoʊɑː/; born September 12, 1956) is a Slovak singer-songwriter and disabled musician.
A nuchal cord occurs when the umbilical cord becomes wrapped around the fetal neck 360 degrees.
Ríos de Misericordia ("Rivers of Mercy"), also known as Niños Ríos de Misericordia ("Rivers of Mercy Children") is a Mexican Christian musical group composed of eight children from the children's shelter of the same name in Zacango, Acolman Municipality, State of Mexico.
The Chillicothe Junto was a term applied to a group of Chillicothe, Ohio Democratic-Republican politicians who brought about the admission of Ohio as a state (1803) and largely controlled its politics for some years thereafter.
Bug is the third album by American alternative rock band Dinosaur Jr., released in October 1988 through SST Records.
Nectridea is the name of an extinct order of lepospondyl amphibians from the Carboniferous and Permian periods, including animals such as Diplocaulus.
Sosoliso Airlines Flight 1145 was a scheduled flight between the Nigerian cities of Abuja (ABV) and Port Harcourt (PHC).
Jin Zhuo (Chinese: 晉灼) was a Chinese scholar and commentator from the Jin state (晉, 265–420 CE) of the late 3rd–4th century CE.
The Republican Party (Romanian: Partidul Republican, PR) was a political party in Romania.
The Royal Latin School is a co-educational grammar school in Buckingham, England, with one of the most distinguished histories as a grammar school in the country.
Mount Yamato Katsuragi (大和葛城山, Yamato Katsuragi-san) or simply Mount Katsuragi is a mountain in the Kongō Range straddling the prefectural border between Chihayaakasaka, Osaka and Gose, Nara in Japan.
Mia moglie è una strega (My Wife is a Witch) is a 1980 Italian comedy film directed by Castellano & Pipolo.
Airy Hill is a historic home located at Chestertown, Kent County, Maryland, United States.
Arthur Norman Guthkelch (born 1915) is a British pediatric neurosurgeon.
SAES Getters S.p.
58 Persei (58 Per) is a star in the constellation Perseus.
Robert Friedrich Wilms (September 9, 1824 – September 23, 1880) was a German surgeon.
Lucien Olieslagers (born 25 November 1936) was a Belgian football player who won the Belgian Golden Shoe in 1959 while at Lierse.
Loren Smith is a fictional character in a series of novels by Clive Cussler.
Ashish Kumar (born 1990) is an Indian gymnast from Allahabad, who won India's first-ever medals in gymnastics, in October 2010 at the 2010 Commonwealth Games and became the most successful Indian gymnast in Commonwealth Games history, by winning bronze and silver medals in different gymnastic events.
</gallery> Zoe Scofield is a choreographer, dancer and Co-Artistic Director of Seattle-based dance and visual art company, zoe|juniper.
Nevermore: The Imaginary Life and Mysterious Death of Edgar Allan Poe, is a musical that was written, composed, and directed by Jonathan Christenson, and designed by Bretta Gerecke.
Joe Nathan Wilson (born November 1, 1922) was an American politician in the state of Iowa.
Seedan (Tamil: சீடன்) (English: Disciple) is a 2011 Indian Tamil-language drama film directed by Subramaniam Siva.
Riedel's thyroiditis, also called Riedel's struma is a chronic form of thyroiditis.
Statistics of League of Ireland in the 1965/1966 season.
Barry Robert Kimberley (born 24 May 1957) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the West Australian Football League (WAFL) playing for the Swan Districts Football Club and the Perth Football Club.
The Battle of Tang'erli (堂二里战斗) was a series of armed conflicts fought between the nationalists and the communists during Chinese Civil War in the post World War II era, and resulted in the communist victory.
A Lively Mix is a 2006 remix album by Paul Oakenfold.
The Dragon pipe is a diatreme associated with the Birch Mountains kimberlite field in northern Alberta, Canada.
The 1902–03 WPHL season was played by teams of the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League.
In Norse mythology, Hlaðguðr svanhvít (Old Norse "Hlaðguðr swan-white") is a valkyrie.
Alan Lucas (born 1936) is an Australian yachtsman and writer of boat cruising guides and other books relating to life on the sea.
USS Walton (DE-361) was a John C. Butler-class destroyer escort in the United States Navy.
This is a list of films which have placed number one at the weekend box office in Spain during 2011.
John Lie (born 1959) is the Professor of sociology and Dean of International and Area Studies at the University of California, Berkeley.
The Seventh Martin Ministry was the 48th ministry to come from the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly in Australia's Northern Territory.
Baycliff is a village in the South Lakeland District of Cumbria in England.
Antonín is a given name, the Czech variant of Antonius.
Dargolewo [darɡɔˈlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Linia, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
Alex Tizon is an American author and Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist.
The Moisie River is a river in eastern Quebec.
The Resaca de la Palma Battlefield is the site in Brownsville, Texas, where American forces under General Zachary Taylor engaged Mexican forces under General Mariano Arista on May 9, 1846 in the Battle of Resaca de la Palma.
Barry John Wilson (born 16 February 1972 in Kirkcaldy) is a Scottish football player and manager.
Goza is a populated village in Dadu District, Sindh province, Pakistan.
Parachanna is a genus of snakeheads native to tropical Africa.
Progressive Education Network is a non-profit company with a mission to provide quality education to less privileged students in Pakistan.
Coleman is a surname of Irish and English origin.
The Slime People is a 1963 horror film directed by Robert Hutton, who also starred in the film.
Under These Rocks and Stones is the first album by Canadian singer/songwriter Chantal Kreviazuk, released in 1997 (see 1997 in music).
Krzysztof Wiłkomirski (born September 18, 1980 in Warsaw) is a Polish judoka.
Umbrella is the ninth novel by Will Self, published in 2012.
Thianitara is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
Bowlin Travel Centers, Inc. is a New Mexico- based company that operates a chain of roadside convenience stores and travel centers found on highways in the American southwest.
Iodobenzene dichloride (PhICl2) is a complex of iodobenzene with chlorine.
Mark Allan Goldsmith (born August 1952) is a United States district judge on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan.
Computed tomography (CT) is a sensitive method for diagnosis of abdominal diseases.
Countess Victoria Bernstorff-Gyldensteen is a former lady-in-waiting of the Danish Royal Family of Mary, Crown Princess of Denmark.
Arno Jacobs (born 13 March 1977 in Potchefstroom) is a South African first class cricketer for the Warriors.
The Incheon International Airport Korea National League 2015 season is the thirteenth season of the Korea National League.
John Mcpherson LeMoyne (born December 1943) is a retired United States Army Lieutenant General.
Bosor was an ancient Biblical Levitical city and one of the three Trans-Jordanian Cities of Refuge named in the Mosaic Law.
William Oliver Reese (born 1987) was a US Navy airman who, on January 3, 2006 murdered 56-year-old Japanese woman Yoshie Sato in Yokosuka, Japan.
Lluís Millet i Pagès (El Masnou, 18 April 1867 - Barcelona, 7 December 1941) was a Spanish Catalan composer, musician and co-founder of Orfeó Català in 1891.
David Gilmore (born 5 February 1964 in Cambridge, Massachusetts) is an American session jazz guitarist.
Project Dragonfly is an American educational project.
Ted Panken is an American writer and jazz journalist.
Shawangunk is a town in southwestern Ulster County, New York, USA.
James Patrick "Jim" Baen (| beɪn |; October 22, 1943 – June 28, 2006) was a U.S. science fiction publisher and editor.
For the Queen song of the same name, see A Night at the Opera (Queen album).
Rákóczi tér is a station of Line 4 beneath the eponymous square, named after Francis II Rákóczi.
Elfquest is a comic book series created by Wendy and Richard Pini in 1978.
Katika is a village on the Huon Peninsula, in Morobe Province, Papua New Guinea.
Naked is Amber's third studio album released in 2002 on Tommy Boy Records.
Anoplocurius altus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
The ampulla of ductus deferens is an enlargement of the ductus deferens at the fundus of the bladder.
Indiana University (IU) is a multi-campus public university system in the state of Indiana, United States.
James J. Kelly Jr. was an American football running back who played one season in the American Professional Football Association with the Detroit Heralds.
The Bury Bar Frame locomotive was an early type of steam locomotive, developed at the works of Edward Bury and Company, later named Bury, Curtis, and Kennedy.
The evaluation of sound from fabrics is a sound evaluation process where the noise of fabrics can be linked to emotions.
CING-FM is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts at 95.
Stylidium uliginosum is a dicotyledonous plant that belongs to the genus Stylidium (family Stylidiaceae) and is one of the few species in the genus that is not native to Australia.
Business Professionals of America (BPA) is a career and technical student organization that is headquartered in Columbus, Ohio.
This is a list of rulers and office-holders in Burundi.
El Peral, Santa Cruz is a neighbourhood located in the Chilean commune of Santa Cruz, Colchagua province.
Prahran Town Hall is a civic building located on the corner of Chapel Street and Greville Street in Prahran, a suburb of Melbourne, Australia.
Confessions of an Economic Hit Man is a book written by John Perkins and published in 2004.
Edward Joseph Conway FRS (3 July 1894–29 December 1968) was an Irish biochemist known for works pertaining to electrolyte physiology and analytical chemistry.
Nicholas (Hungarian: Miklós) was a 12th-century prelate in the Kingdom of Hungary.
Aoyama Gakuin (学校法人青山学院, Gakkō Houjin Aoyama Gakuin) is an educational institute in Tokyo, Japan, which comprises Aoyama Gakuin University, Aoyama Gakuin Women's Junior College, Aoyama Gakuin Senior High School, Aoyama Gakuin Junior High School, Aoyama Gakuin Elementary School, and Aoyama Gakuin Kindergarten.
Krak Glacier (62°6′S 58°20′W) is an outlet glacier of Kraków Dome at the head of Lussich Cove, Martel Inlet, Admiralty Bay, King George Island, in the South Shetland Islands.
This article is about the Pacific flatfish species.
Polycaprolactone (PCL) is a biodegradable polyester with a low melting point of around 60 °C and a glass transition temperature of about −60 °C.
JobShopLean is a concept for applying the philosophy of Lean to the type of usually small manufacturing organization known as a job shop.
Atalanta was a British monthly magazine for girls, which was published between 1887 and 1898.
Pader District is a district in Northern Uganda.
Cecil Exum (born August 7, 1962) is an American-Australian former professional basketball player.
Denzil DaCosta Best (April 27, 1917 – May 24, 1965) was an American jazz percussionist and composer born in New York City.
Memar Əcəmi is a Baku Metro station.
The Comfortable Chair was a west coast sunshine-rock band that released a 1969 self-titled album The Comfortable Chair.
The Dream Walker is the fifth studio album by alternative rock band Angels & Airwaves, released on December 9, 2014, through To the Stars Records.
Hans Göran Persson (Swedish pronunciation: [ˈʝœːran ˈpæːʂɔn]; born 20 January 1949) served as Prime Minister of Sweden from 1996 to 2006 and was leader of the Swedish Social Democratic Party from 1996 to 2007.
El Capitan is a census-designated place in Gila County in the state of Arizona.
A barred irregular galaxy is an irregular version of a barred spiral galaxy.
John Christen Johansen (November 25, 1876 – June 23, 1964) was a Danish-American portraitist, born in Copenhagen and died in New Canaan, Connecticut.
Clemente Russo (born July 27, 1982 in Marcianise, Italy) is an Italian amateur boxer best known for winning Gold at the 2007 and 2013 World Amateur Boxing Championships at heavyweight (201 lbs limit).
I Believe in You.
Hayley Smith is the name of two fictional characters: Hayley Smith (Home and Away), a character in the Australian soap opera Home and Away Hayley Smith (American Dad!
Shane Dowling (born 21 February 1993) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a full forward for the Limerick senior team.
Abbas Barfi (Persian: عباس برفي‎, also Romanized as ‘Abbās Barfī; also known as Abbās Bar, ‘Abbās Barfī-ye Soflá, and ‘Abbās Barqī) is a village in Pishkuh-e Zalaqi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
A Million Colours is a 2011 film directed by Peter Bishai and co-written with Andre Pieterse.
Sebastian Anthony Pryde Usai (born 28 February 1990) is an Australian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for National League club Southport.
Athletics competitions at the 2006 Central American Games were held at the Estadio Olímpico del Instituto Nicaragüense de Juventud y Deporte in Managua, Nicaragua, between March 4-7, 2006.
Children of the Atom is a 1953 science fiction novel by Wilmar H. Shiras, which has been listed as one of "The Most Significant SF & Fantasy Books of the Last 50 Years, 1953-2002".
The Legal Research Foundation is a body affiliated with the Faculty of Law of The University of Auckland, New Zealand.
"Uncle Tom's Cabin" Contrasted with Buckingham Hall, the Planter's Home is an 1852 novel by Robert Criswell, combining elements of Anti-Tom literature and romantic fiction.
Combermere Barracks, Windsor, is a British military installation one mile from Windsor Castle.
Celeste in the City is a television movie starring Majandra Delfino and Nicholas Brendon.
Holy Rosary Church is a Roman Catholic church in the Tejgaon area of Dhaka.
James Thomas Brewer (November 17, 1937 – November 16, 1987) was an American relief pitcher in Major League Baseball.
Eighth Street Park Historic District, also known as Tilton Park Historic District, is a national historic district located at Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware.
This is a list of Japanese anniversaries and memorial days or kinenbi (記念日).
Haplogroup G2a (Y-DNA) is the main paternal lineage of Neolithic farmers.
Horton is a village in Northumberland, England about 2 miles (3 km) west of Blyth, and south of the River Blyth.
Doyama (Japanese: 堂山町, Dōyama-chō) is a district in the Umeda area of Osaka, Japan.
Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue is an American television series created by Haim Saban and the eighth season of the Power Rangers franchise, began airing on February 12, 2000 on Fox Kids.
The St. Riquier Gospels is an illuminated Gospel Book made during the Carolingian Renaissance.
Cant de la Senyera ("Song of The Senyera [flag]") is a composition for mixed chorus with music by Lluís Millet, lyrics based on a poem by Joan Maragall, composed expressly to be the hymn of the Orfeó Català choral group in the Catalonia community of Spain.
The Valea Vintii River is a tributary of the Orăştie River in Romania.
Kadar is a Dravidian language of Kerala and Tamil Nadu that is closely related to Malayalam.
Aurora, Colorado counts among the 60 largest cities in the United States, with a population greater than such cities as Pittsburgh, Buffalo or Salt Lake City, but lacks a skyline typical of cities its size.
Alfred Owen Aldridge (December 16, 1915 – January 29, 2005) was a professor of French and comparative literature, founder-editor of the journal Comparative Literature Studies, and author of books on a wide range of literature studies.
Warren South is a former census-designated place (CDP) in Warren County, Pennsylvania, United States.
The 2012 United States Virgin Islands Republican caucuses were held on March 10, 2012, the same day as the Guam, Northern Mariana Islands, and Kansas Republican caucuses.
The Shoemaker is a play written by Susan Charlotte, first staged at the off-Broadway Acorn Theater on 24 July 2011.
Sinoceratops /ˌsaɪnoʊˈsɛrətɒps/ is a extinct genus of ceratopsian dinosaur that lived approximately 72 to 66 million years ago during the latter part of the Cretaceous Period in what is now Shandong province in China.
Dominique Auguste Lereboullet was a French doctor and zoologist.
The FA Cup 1975–76 is the 95th season of the world's oldest football knockout competition; The Football Association Challenge Cup, or FA Cup for short.
Sherbrooke is a settlement in Prince Edward Island.
Søndre Bergenhus Amtstidende was a Norwegian newspaper, published in Voss in Hordaland county.
Ophiogomphus howei, the pygmy snaketail, is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.
Un dollaro tra i denti (internationally released as A Stranger in Town, A Dollar Between the Teeth and For a Dollar in the Teeth) is a 1967 Italian spaghetti westerns film directed by Luigi Vanzi.
Oreste Baratieri (né Oreste Baratter, 13 November 1841 – 7 August 1901) was an Austro-Italian general and governor of Eritrea who led the Italian army and was defeated in the First Italo–Ethiopian War's Battle of Adowa.
Barkers Green is a village near Wem in Shropshire, England.
Peak uranium is the point in time that the maximum global uranium production rate is reached.
Pranavananda Vidyamandir is a school located in Chaitanya Avenue, Durgapur, West Bengal, India.
Russell Ronald "R.R." Reno III (born 1959) is the editor of First Things magazine.
Nasi kebuli is an Indonesian style spicy steamed rice dish cooked in goat broth, milk and ghee, popular among the Arab community in Indonesia and Betawi people in Jakarta.
Grossite is a calcium aluminium oxide mineral with formula CaAl4O7.
Rafael Batista Sánchez (November 12, 1945 – October 25, 2008) was a first baseman in Major League Baseball.
For the handball player, see Vladimir Maksimov.
Juke Magazine was a weekly Australian rock and pop newspaper published from Melbourne that ran from 1975 to 1992.
Johan Fritiof Domö, (30 August 1889 - 23 November 1961) was a Swedish landlord and social conservative right politician and mostly known as the party leader for the Moderate Party.
Monika Absolonová (born 27 September 1976) is a Czech singer and actress.
B2M Entertainment (Hangul: B2M 엔터테인먼트) is a South Korean management agency and music label founded in 2010 by Gil Jong-hwa based in Seoul, South Korea.
Alligator Reef Light is located 4 nautical miles (7.
The 1957–58 Bulgarian Hockey League season was the sixth season of the Bulgarian Hockey League, the top level of ice hockey in Bulgaria.
Alonzo and Tracy Mourning Sr. High Biscayne Bay Campus is a secondary school in North Miami, Florida, United States which opened August 2009, built two blocks north of Florida International University's Biscayne Bay Campus.
Xyridacma is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
Many exhibitions have been held in the vast spaces of U.S. National Guard armories, but the Armory Show refers to the 1913 International Exhibition of Modern Art that was organized by the Association of American Painters and Sculptors, the first large exhibition of modern art in America.
Joseph A. "Grindy" Forrester (born July 11, 1876) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player.
The Europe/Africa Zone was one of three zones of regional competition in the 2015 Fed Cup.
Beta Muscae (β Muscae, β Mus) is a binary star in the southern circumpolar constellation of Musca.
Bigos (Polish pronunciation: [ˈbiɡɔs]), known as a hunter's stew, is a traditional meat and cabbage stew typical of Polish, Lithuanian, Belarusian and Ukrainian cuisine, and is a Polish national dish.
Secreted frizzled-related protein 1 also known as SFRP1 is a protein which in humans is encoded by the SFRP1 gene.
Live!
Paris Luna, a band which formed in 2004, is a unique blend of Rock, Country and Americana music based in Carrollton, Georgia.
Alfred Henry Burton (c.
Any Given Sunday is a 1999 American drama film directed by Oliver Stone depicting a fictional professional American football team.
Ally is a science fiction novel written by Karen Traviss and was published in March 2007.
Commandant-general is a military rank in several countries and is generally equivalent to that of commandant.
Beth Ann (BethAnn) Karmeisool, MPH, (born January 14, 1969) is an American entrepreneur, lecturer, certified sexual health educator and certified HIV counselor.
Daniel Börtz (born 8 August 1943) is a Swedish composer, born in Hässleholm.
Giyera (Tagalog for War) is a musical play written and composed by Music Director: Henry Torres of Music Repertoire in Pinole, California.
The Hathaway Ranch Museum in Santa Fe Springs, California is a museum of five generations of Hathaway family and Southern California history.
Tom Sannicandro (born March 22, 1956) is an American attorney and businessman, currently serving as a State Representative in the Massachusetts House of Representatives for Framingham and Ashland, and a leader on civil rights of persons with intellectual disabilities.
Burgdorf Castle (German: Schloss Burgdorf) is a castle in the municipality of Burgdorf in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
Belle Plaine is a city in Sumner County, Kansas, United States.
Okelian Baze (born 24 April 1991) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for KS Kamza in the Albanian First Division.
Patrick Stephen Hape is a former American football fullback and tight end for the Denver Broncos, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, and Houston Texans of the NFL.
Walking on Thin Ice is a greatest-hits compilation of Yoko Ono's work from 1971-85.
Motoring is a 1927 British silent comedy film directed by George Dewhurst and starring Harry Tate, Henry Latimer and Roy Travers.
Hermann Knoflacher (born 21 September 1940 in Villach) is an Austrian civil engineer.
Grattan Township is one of thirty-seven townships in Holt County, Nebraska, United States.
Fichte often refers to Johann Gottlieb Fichte (1762–1814), German philosopher.
The Edmonds Arts Festival is held in Edmonds, Washington during Father's Day weekend annually in June.
James Thompson McCleary (February 5, 1853 – December 17, 1924) was a United States Representative from Minnesota.
The McLaren M29 is a Formula One racing car built and run by McLaren during part of both the 1979 Formula One World Championship and the 1980 Formula One World Championship.
The UC Irvine Anteaters men's basketball team is the basketball team that represents the University of California, Irvine.
The Anderton Boat Lift Trust is a waterway society in Cheshire, England, UK, and a member of the partnership to restore the Anderton Boat Lift near Northwich on the Weaver Navigation.
Neoregelia lactea is a species in the genus Neoregelia.
Muhammad Taqi Usmani (Urdu: محمد تقی عثمانی‎, Muhammad Taqī ‘Usmāni, born 1943) (also spelled Uthmani) is a Hanafi Islamic scholar from Pakistan.
Coronin-1C is a protein that in humans is encoded by the CORO1C gene.
Erwin H. Reichel (11 March 1911 — 28 February 1943) was a Sturmbannführer (Major) in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross; which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
The National Healthy Schools Programme (NHSP) is a joint Department of Health and Department for Children, Schools and Families project intended to improve health, raise pupil achievement, improve social inclusion and encourage closer working between health and education providers in the United Kingdom.
Orrs Springs (formerly, Orr's Hot Sulphur Springs and Orrs) is an unincorporated community in Mendocino County, California.
Lichter der Stadt (German for City Lights) is the eighth album by the Neue Deutsche Härte band Unheilig.
Emerald Air (IATA: OD) was an airline headquartered in Austin, Texas, United States.
Thoressa evershedi, commonly known as the Evershed's Ace, is a butterfly belonging to the family Hesperiidae.
Alice von Hildebrand DCSG (born Alice Jourdain; 11 March 1923 in Brussels, Belgium) is a Catholic philosopher and theologian and a former professor.
In Norse mythology, Hervör alvitr (Old Norse, alvitr possibly meaning "all-wise" or "strange creature") is a valkyrie.
New Order are an English rock band formed in 1980 and currently consisting of Bernard Sumner, Stephen Morris, Gillian Gilbert, Phil Cunningham and Tom Chapman.
Pavel Anatolyevich Yushkov (Russian: Павел Анатольевич Юшков; born February 14, 1979) is a Russian professional footballer.
Gur Parviz (Persian: گورپرويز‎‎, also Romanized as Gūr Parvīz) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Archduke John of Austria (German: Erzherzog Johann von Österreich; 20 January 1782 – 11 May 1859), a member of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine, was an Austrian field marshal and German Imperial regent (Reichsverweser) during the Revolutions of 1848.
No.
K. Piyasiri Wijenayake is a Sri Lankan politician and a former member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.
The ES-1 was Evans & Sutherland's abortive attempt to enter the supercomputer market.
Pencak Silat at the 2007 Southeast Asian Games was held in the Sung Noen Municipality Hall, Sung Noen, Nakhon Ratchasima, Thailand.
Cleptometopus schmidi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
James Franklin Hanly (April 4, 1863 – August 1, 1920) was a United States politician who served as a congressman from Indiana from 1895 until 1897, and was the 26th Governor of Indiana from 1905 to 1909.
"Just Got Wicked" is a song by Cold.
Tiszaszalka is a village in Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg county, in the Northern Great Plain region of eastern Hungary.
Nordic combined at the 2002 Winter Olympics, consisted of three events held over ten days, from 9 February to 22 February.
The RT-1 was an early intercontinental ballistic missile design that was tested but not deployed by the Soviet Union during the Cold War.
Current Motor Company is an electric vehicle company based in Ann Arbor, Michigan, United States.
David Heneker (31 March 1906 – 30 January 2001) was a writer and composer of British popular music and musicals, best known for creating the music and lyrics for Half a Sixpence.
Kermit the Hermit is a children's picture book written and illustrated by Bill Peet.
The Manitoba Liberal Party, a political party in the Canadian province of Manitoba, has chosen most of its leaders by delegated leadership conventions.
Sztandar Wolności (English: The Banner of Freedom), was a Polish language newspaper published by the bolshevik Communist Party of Byelorussia in the city of Minsk, between October 1940 and June 1941.
Kevin Jordan (born December 31, 1970) is a retired American mixed martial artist.
XII is an album by American country music singer Neal McCoy.
Oh You're So Silent Jens is a compilation album released by Swedish singer-songwriter Jens Lekman in 2005.
The Alter A.1 was a single-seat biplane fighter aircraft first flown in February 1917.
Tamerton Foliot was a railway station, built by the Plymouth, Devonport and South Western Junction Railway (PDSWJR) on its line from Lydford to Devonport Kings Road and Plymouth Friary on the section that is now the Tamar Valley Line.
Tangasseri Lighthouse or Thangassery Lighthouse is situated in Tangasseri, near Kollam in the Indian state of Kerala.
Anthony Keith "Tony" Gwynn, Sr. (May 9, 1960 – June 16, 2014), nicknamed "Mr. Padre", was an American professional baseball right fielder who played 20 seasons (1982–2001) in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the San Diego Padres.
Leslie Richards (born June 20, 1973) is the current Secretary of the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation, appointed by Governor Tom Wolf in 2015 and confirmed in May 2015.
Anthia pulcherrima is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Anthiinae.
Qaravəlli (also, Qaravəlili and Karavelli) is a village and municipality in the Aghjabadi Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Euphyllia cristata, commonly called grape coral, is a species of hard coral in the family Euphylliidae.
The SEAT 133 was a small rear-engine car designed and sold by SEAT in Spain from 1974 to 1979.
A referendum on becoming part of Nigeria was held in Northern Cameroons in November 1959.
Udochukwu Nwoko (born 15 October 1984) is a Maltese-Nigerian footballer who currently plays for Maltese First Division side Gudja United, where he plays as a midfielder.
Luis Ángel Cereceda Parra (born 27 June 1943) is a Chilean singer and songwriter, son of Violeta Parra, notable Chilean folklorist and brother of Isabel Parra.
Stem cell doping is the postulated practice of enhancing athletic performance through various beneficial effects of stem cells injected into the bloodstream or otherwise introduced into the body.
The 2010–11 Australian Baseball League regular season was held from 6 November 2010 through to 22 January 2011.
Carrigans railway station served Carrigans, County Donegal in the Republic of Ireland.
Pierre Restany (24 June 1930 – 29 May 2003), was an internationally known French art critic and cultural philosopher.
Lani Doherty (born April 14, 1993) is an American surfer.
James Sanks Brisbin (May 23, 1837 – January 14, 1892) was an American educator, lawyer, and soldier.
The 2010 Hakkâri bus attack occurred on September 16, 2010 when nine people have died and three were injured, including a 15-month-old baby, after an explosion on a minibus in the village of Geçitli, Hakkâri Province, Turkey.
Quality bias in price indices occurs when an index ignores changes in the quality of the goods it measures.
The Treasury Board of Canada Secretariat (TBS) is the administrative branch of the Treasury Board of Canada.
Green logistics describes all attempts to measure and minimize the ecological impact of logistics activities.
Slate Creek Records is an American independent record label based in Frisco, Texas founded in 2012 by Jim Burnett.
Michael Gough Matthews (12 July 1931–11 April 2013) was a British pianist who served as Director of the Royal College of Music from 1985 until 1993.
The Reuben Foster House and Perley Cleaves House are a pair of nearly identical Greek Revival houses at 64 and 62 North State Street in Concord, New Hampshire.
Lalu Alex is a famous Malayalam film actor.
The Upper Tamarack River is a 31.
The Zialo are an ethnic group of Guinea.
Die Neue Zeitschrift für Musik (pronounced [ˈnɔʏ̯ə ˈt͡saɪ̯tʃʁɪft fyːʁ muˈziːk]; English: New Journal of Music) is a music magazine, co-founded in Leipzig by Robert Schumann, his teacher and future father-in law Friedrich Wieck, and his close friend Ludwig Schuncke.
Jonathan Nathaniel Moyo (born 12 January 1957) is a Zimbabwean politician who has served in the government of Zimbabwe as Minister of Higher Education since 2015.
Kagen (嘉元) was a Japanese era name (年号,, nengō,, lit.
Strzelcowizna [stʂɛlt͡sɔˈvizna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płaska, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
Irene Schmidt is a retired Dutch table tennis player who competed at the 1972, 1976 and 1980 Summer Paralympics in the individual and team events.
The 1995 Tooheys 1000 was the 36th running of the Bathurst 1000 touring car race.
Pacific Union College (PUC) is a private liberal arts college located in Napa Valley, California.
Pecadora ("Sinner") is a telenovela produced in Miami, Florida by Venevision Productions, LLC.
Szczepanka [ʂt͡ʂɛˈpanka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choszczno, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.
The German destroyer Z2 Georg Thiele was a Type 1934 destroyer built for the Kriegsmarine in the mid-1930s.
The Pakistan Weightlifting Federation (PWF) is the national governing body to develop and promote the sport of Weightlifting in the Pakistan.
Panchuria is a small village in rural Bangladesh under Lohagara Upazila of Narail District.
ITDunya.com is a website forum assisting the education of Information Technology in the Urdu Language.
Soraya Ghasemi (in Persian: ثریا قاسمی) is an Iranian actress.
The 2006 Ukrainian Figure Skating Championships were the Ukrainian Figure Skating Championships of the 2005-2006 figure skating season.
Brain on Fire: My Month of Madness is a 2012 New York Times Bestselling autobiography by New York Post writer Susannah Cahalan.
Jarlath McDonagh (born 1 June 1945) is a Fine Gael politician from County Galway in Ireland.
Paul Thelen is the Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Big Fish Games.
For the Soviet-Italian-Polish-Yugoslavian-East German film series, see Liberation (film series) Liberation is a 2009 docudrama about the Shah of Iran.
The National Movement for Nature and Development (Mouvement National pour la Nature et le Développement) is a minor Green political party in Algeria.
Jelline Floriska "Jelka" van Houten (Dutch pronunciation: [jɛˈlinə floːˈrɪskaː ˈjɛlkaː vɑn ˈɦʌutən]; born 1 September 1978) is a Dutch actress.
Bredon Hill and Other Songs is a song cycle for baritone and piano composed by George Butterworth (1885–1916) in 1912.
Qaratəpə is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Armando Ríos Piter (born 21 February 1973) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the PRD.
This is a list of Coraciiformes species by global population.
Trading Up: Consumer and Environmental Regulation in a Global Economy (Harvard University Press 1995, ISBN 0-674-90084-7) is a book by UC Berkeley political scientist and business professor, David Vogel.
Norman S. Fletcher (born July 10, 1934) is an American lawyer and jurist from the state of Georgia.
South Hampshire is a term used mainly to refer to the metropolitan area formed by the cities of Portsmouth and Southampton and their suburbs and commuter towns, in southern Hampshire, England.
Thomas "Tom" McFarlane (born 1872) was a Scottish footballer who played at full-back for Hibernian, Burslem Port Vale and Middlesbrough in the 1890s and 1900s.
Salawaku in Tidore language and Pagu language, is a traditional shield originating from the Maluku Islands, Indonesia.
Cheer Up, Mr. Kim!
Martin Pregelj (born 6 May 1977 in Koper) is a retired Slovenian football midfielder.
Milton Leroy "Mickey" Erickson (May 16, 1905 – January 1984) was an American football offensive lineman in the National Football League (NFL) for the Chicago Cardinals and Boston Braves.
Myrmica kotokui (Japanese: shiwa-kushike-ari) is a species of ant of the genus Myrmica.
Jörg van Nieuwenhuijzen (born 22 August 1978 in Bergen op Zoom, North Brabant) is a Dutch football goalkeeper who plays for the Dutch Topklasse club FC Lienden.
The Twelve Days of Christmas, also known as Twelvetide, is a festive Christian season to celebrate the nativity of Jesus.
Fox is a British television drama series produced by Euston Films and Thames Television for the ITV network in 1980.
The Creaking Pagoda between two ponds in the landscape park separating the Catherine Palace and Alexander Palace in Tsarskoe Selo, Russia, is a building that resulted from the 18th-century taste for Chinoiserie.
These are the results of the men's 65 kg (also known as half-lightweight) competition in judo at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.
"Bad Girl" is the debut single South Korean boy group Beast, coming from their debut mini-album Beast is the B2ST which was released in South Korea on October 14, 2009.
The 2015 Argentina Open was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts.
The 2014 College Basketball Invitational (CBI) was a single-elimination tournament of 16 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I teams that did not participate in the NCAA Tournament or the NIT.
Laser-induced fluorescence or LED induced fluorescence (LIF) is a spectroscopic method used for studying structure of molecules, detection of selective species and flow visualization and measurements.
Dingir (pronounced /dɪn'dʒir/) is the second album by American deathcore band Rings of Saturn.
Bad Behaviour is a 1993 British comedy film directed by Les Blair and starring Stephen Rea, Sinéad Cusack and Philip Jackson.
Kenny Håkansson is the bassist of the highly influential Swedish rock and roll band the Hellacopters.
Kanhad Dev Sonigara was a Rajput Maharaja who ruled Jalore in the 13th century CE, in the present-day Indian state of Rajasthan.
Pete St. John (born Peter Mooney) is an Irish folk singer-songwriter, best known for composing "The Fields of Athenry".
Topola [tɔˈpɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
WBNG-DT2 is the CW-affiliated television station for the Eastern Twin Tiers of Southern Upstate New York and Northern Pennsylvania.
John Bernard "Jack" Dempsey (March 12, 1912 – August 26, 1988) was an American football tackle who played for the Pittsburgh Pirates and Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League.
The Hundred Flowers Award for Best Art Direction was first awarded by the China Film Association in 1962.
Brodne-Towarzystwo [ˈbrɔdnɛ tɔvaˈʐɨstfɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
Connect2Media is a global developer and publisher of video games for mobile platforms headquartered in Manchester, United Kingdom.
Kabūdrāhang (Persian: کبودراهنگ‎, also Romanized as Kabūdar Āhang, Kaboodrahang, and Kabūd Rāhang; also known as Kabūtarāhang) is a city in and capital of Kabudarahang County, Hamadan Province, Iran.
Sławomir Szmal (born 2 October 1978) is a Polish handball player, a member of Poland national handball team and Polish club Vive Targi Kielce, a participant of the Olympic Games Beijing 2008, medalist of the World Championship (silver in 2007, bronzes in 2009, 2015).
Atokasaurus is an extinct genus of scincomorph lizard from the Early Cretaceous of Oklahoma.
Cristian Alberto 'Kily' González Peret (born 4 August 1974) is an Argentine retired footballer who played mainly as a left winger.
Amar De Nuevo is a 1999 album by Chilean Group Inti-Illimani, in which they explore the heritage of Latin American Creole music in lush, sensual arrangements that sound as if they've come directly from the '40s or '50s--quite remarkable for what are mostly original compositions.
Free Hand for a Tough Cop (Italian: Il trucido e lo sbirro, also known as Tough Cop) is an Italian poliziottesco-action film directed in 1976 by Umberto Lenzi.
Juan Gossaín (born San Bernardo del Viento, Córdoba ) is a Colombian journalist and writer.
Istočni Stari Grad (Serbian Cyrillic: Источни Стари Град, English: East Old Town) is a municipality in City of East Sarajevo, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Alex J. Raineri was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Not to be confused with Moroccan Chaabi.
Pollicipedidae is a family of goose barnacles.
250 South Street (also known as 227 Cherry Street) is a residential skyscraper project being developed by Extell Development Company in Two Bridges, Manhattan, New York City.
El Playón is a tourist town in the state of Portuguesa, Venezuela.
Nguyễn Quý Sửu (born 18 October 1986) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Defensive midfielder for V-League club Thanh Hóa F.C. ^ "Vietnam - Nguyễn Quý Sửu - Profile with news, career statistics and history - Soccerway".
Nirut Surasiang (Thai นิรุจน์ สุระเสียง), born February 20, 1979) is a Thai footballer who played between 1999 and November 2014.
Otava is an island in the Archipelago Sea, Finland.
Shaaiq Choudhry (born 1985) is an English cricketer who currently plays for Worcestershire County Cricket Club.
BE is the second and final studio album by the English rock band Beady Eye, released on 10 June 2013 (2013-06-10).
The following is the complete filmography of American television director, producer and writer Bill D'Elia.
Kalach (Russian: Кала́ч) is a town and the administrative center of Kalacheyevsky District in Voronezh Oblast, Russia, located at the confluence of the Tolucheyevka and Podgornaya Rivers, 294 kilometers (183 mi) from Voronezh, the administrative center of the oblast.
US Club Soccer is a national organization and member of the United States Soccer Federation that aims to advance soccer in the United States through the development and support of soccer clubs for all ages and genders.
"Hasta la Vista" is an English language song (though the title is in Spanish and a Russian version has also been recorded), by Belarusian Ruslan Alekhno.
Steven King (born 22 November 1978) is a former Australian rules footballer for Geelong and St Kilda in the Australian Football League (AFL).
The Tanzanian woolly bat (Kerivoula africana) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family.
Carnitine O-acetyltransferase (CRAT, or CAT) (EC 2.
Antiochene Rite designates the family of liturgies originally used in the Patriarchate of Antioch.
Robert Bauer (born 9 April 1995) is a German footballer of Kazakhstani descent who plays for FC Inglostadt .
Tarvastu is a village in Tarvastu Parish, Viljandi County, Estonia.
Szákszend is a village in Komárom-Esztergom county, Hungary.
The 2007 season was São Paulo's 78th club existence season's history.
Hoffman is a town in Richmond County, North Carolina, United States.
Statistics of Cypriot First Division in the 1980–81 season.
Peter James Lu, PhD (陸述義) is a post-doctoral research fellow in the Department of Physics and the School of Engineering and Applied Sciences at Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
The MOS Technology "Agnus", usually called Agnus is an integrated circuit in the custom chipset of the Commodore Amiga computer.
East West is the debut full-length album and the fifth release from East West.
Elections to the Wiltshire Council unitary authority took place on 2 May 2013.
New York State Route 270 (NY 270) is a north–south state highway in western New York in the United States.
Guillermo Arellano Moraga (21 August 1908 - 16 February 1999) was an Chilean football attacker.
ADEN Services is an international facility management services company, which also specializes in remote site management.
Phrynobatrachus ghanensis, or Ghana river frog, is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family.
The Yellow Back is a 1926 silent film western directed by Del Andrews and produced and distributed by Universal Pictures.
Joseph Kreutzer (11 November 1790 – 16 June 1840) was a German composer, conductor, guitarist, and violinist.
Miss Gay Philippines is the largest and most prestigious gay beauty pageant in the Philippines.
Arthur M. "Smiley" Ratliff (1924—2007) was an American teacher, author and businessman from Tazewell, Virginia with interests in coal mining, banking, cattle and real estate.
Rashomon (羅生門, Rashōmon) is a 1950 Japanese period drama film directed by Akira Kurosawa, working in close collaboration with cinematographer Kazuo Miyagawa.
Marie-Elisabeth de Ludres, known as Isabelle de Ludres, chanoinesse de Poussay (1647 in Ludres – 28 January 1726 in Nancy), was a French noble (marquise), lady-in-waiting, canoness (chanoinesse), and royal mistress of Louis XIV of France in 1675-76.
Peacock Brewery, also known at times as the Rockford Brewing Company and the Rock River Brewing Company, is a historic pair of buildings on the east side of the Rock River in Rockford, Illinois, United States.
William Henry Channing (May 25, 1810 – December 23, 1884) was an American Unitarian clergyman, writer and philosopher.
List of rivers in Sergipe (Brazilian State).
Michael Talia (born 11 February 1993) is a professional Australian rules footballer who plays for the Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Catholicism was the official religion during the colonial era.
Nordstromia recava is a moth in the Drepanidae family.
Jon Belaustegui Ruano (born 19 March 1979 in San Sebastián, Guipúzcoa) is a Spanish handball player.
Ouroeste is a municipality in the state of São Paulo, Brazil.
Fredericktown-Millsboro was a census-designated place (CDP) in East Bethlehem Township, Washington County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Enos McLeod (born 1946) is a Jamaican reggae singer and record producer whose career dates to the mid-1960s.
The 1948 season was the eighteenth completed season of Finnish Football League Championship, known as the Mestaruussarja.
Smoky Hills Public Television is a regional network of PBS member television stations serving central and western portions of the U.S. state of Kansas.
Jyotirmath, also known as Joshimath is a city and a municipal board in Chamoli District in the Indian state of Uttarakhand.
Nakhon Chum Railway Station is a railway station located in Nakhon Chum Subdistrict, Ban Pong District, Ratchaburi.
Bowery Daze is a 1934 short animated film distributed by Columbia Pictures.
Denmark is scheduled to compete at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships in Kazan, Russia from 24 July to 9 August 2015.
Ladonia is a town in Fannin County, Texas, United States.
Charles E. "Charlie" Williams (born September 5, 1943) is a former professional basketball player born in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
Yok-Utian (also Hotian) is a proposed language family of California.
Jermyn Street Theatre is a performance venue situated in Jermyn Street, London.
The Valkyrie pipe is a diatreme in northern Alberta, Canada.
Dynamic assessment is a kind of interactive assessment used in education.
The Kingdom of Mysore (Kannada ಮೈಸೂರು ಸಂಸ್ಥಾನ ) (1399 – 1947 CE) was a kingdom in southern India founded in 1399 by Yaduraya in the region of the modern city of Mysore, in the Karnataka state.
Thiruvottriyur (also called Thiruvotriyur or TVT) is a suburb in North Chennai administered by the Chennai Corporation, but remains part of Tiruvallur district.
Henry Dircks (26 August 1806 – 17 September 1873) was an English engineer who is considered to have been the main designer of the projection technique known as Pepper's ghost.
Walajapet is a Municipality and a part of Vellore district in the state of Tamil Nadu.
Whoops!
Ingersoll Power Equipment is a garden and compact tractor manufacturer located in Portland, Maine.
In the Assamese alphabet, rô (Assamese:ৰ) (IPA:ɹɔ) is the twenty-seventh consonant, or in other terms, twenty-seventh letter of the byônzônbôrnômala (ব্যঞ্জনবৰ্ণমালা).
KBKB may refer to: KBKB (AM), a radio station (1360 AM) licensed to Fort Madison, Iowa, United States KBKB-FM, a radio station (101.
Beware The Fish!
Waupaca Foundry, Inc., formerly known as ThyssenKrupp Waupaca, is among the world's largest independent iron foundries.
After World War I, Iraq passed from the failing Ottoman Empire to British control.
SODA Off-Road Racing is an off-road racing simulation released for both DOS and Windows PCs.
Syam Pushkaran is an Indian Script Writer best known for his work in Malayalam cinema.
Morgan Farm Area is a census-designated place (CDP) in San Patricio County, Texas, United States.
The following is a list of notable Hungarians, the majority of whom became notable within Hungary rather than abroad.
Markt Berolzheim is a municipality in the Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen district, in Bavaria, Germany.
Sartakeh (Persian: سارتكه‎, also Romanized as Sārtakeh and Sār Tekeh) is a village in Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
Platycypha is a genus of African damselflies in the jewel damselfly family (Chlorocyphidae).
George Edmund Lindsay was an American botanist and museum director.
Legionella birminghamensis is a Gram-negative, nonspore-forming, aerobic bacterium from the genus Legionella, which was isolated from a cardiac transplant recipient and from water near Clermont-Ferrand in France.
Merima Denboba (born 21 August 1974 in Arsi) is an Ethiopian former long-distance runner, who specialized in the 5000 metres and cross-country running.
NBA 2K16 is a basketball simulation video game developed by Visual Concepts and published by 2K Sports.
The City of Kogarah is a local government area in the St George region of southern Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia.
David Marrero and Fernando Verdasco won the last edition of the tournament held in 2013, but chose not to participate this year.
Yusuf Kurtuluş (born 15 September 1986 in Of) is a Turkish footballer.
Elvin Bale (born 1945 in London, England) is a former artist and daredevil with Ringling Bros.
Bernabé Ferreyra (February 12, 1909 – May 22, 1972) was an Argentine association football forward.
William Bishop (1817 – May 2, 1879) was an American businessman, military officer and politician in the 19th century.
Leander Paes and Jan Siemerink were the defending champions but they competed with different partners that year, Paes with Mahesh Bhupathi and Siemerink with Jack Waite.
Warajevo is an emulator of Sinclair Spectrum machines, written for MS-DOS.
The Hotel New Otani Tokyo is a large hotel located in Tokyo, Japan operated by New Otani Hotels and opened in 1964.
Coleophora traganella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.
XHTO-FM, also known as "104.
Yaodu District is a district of Shanxi, China.
Jean Émile Reymond (2 May 1912 – 1986) was a Monacan politician who was the minister of state for the country.
Sony bookman is a small device that plays full-length audio CDs and CD-ROMs. It has built-in memory and a small keypad.
Channel 4 Racing is the name given to the horse racing coverage on the British television station Channel 4.
The United Kingdom parliamentary expenses scandal was a major political scandal, first hinted at as details of the Conway Scandal leaked into the public domain, prior to further leaked evidence of malpractice, triggered by the leak and subsequent publication by the Telegraph Group in 2009 of expense claims made by members of the United Kingdom Parliament over several years.
Robert William Sennewald (born November 21, 1929) is a retired United States Army general.
Galleries Maurice Sternberg is Chicago's oldest continually operating art gallery, founded in 1945.
The East Canary gecko or Canary wall gecko (Tarentola angustimentalis) is a species of lizard in the Gekkonidae family.
Khurda Road is an important railway junction station in the Indian state of Odisha.
Boston University Central is a surface-level station on the MBTA Green Line "B" Branch located in Boston, Massachusetts.
The Harbor Towers are two Brutalist-era 40-story residential towers located on the waterfront of the US city of Boston, nestled between the New England Aquarium and the iconic Rowes Wharf mixed use development.
A rescue dog is a dog that is rescued from a possible euthanasia after being found as a stray, a dog that has been saved from an abusive or neglectful home by an animal rescue organisation such as the RSPCA in the UK or the ASPCA in the USA.
P. K. Balakrishnan (1926–1991) was a Malayalam novelist, critic and historian.
Jun Woong-sun (born 14 June 1986) is a professional South Korean tennis player.
2001 was the 41st year of season play for the Minnesota Vikings and the 82nd regular season of the National Football League.
Year 1087 (MLXXXVII) was a common year starting on Friday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.
Nikola Buranská is a Czech beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Česká Miss Earth 2014 and represented the Czech Republic at Miss Earth 2014.
The Central European Labour Studies Institute (CELSI) is a research institute based in Bratislava, Slovakia that specialises in labour markets and migration.
Raiymbek Batyr was a famous Kazakh warrior from the 18th century.
Washington Park is a public urban park in Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon.
Giorgi Maisuradze was born in 1970 in Tbilisi.
State Employees' Credit Union (SECU) is a state chartered credit union headquartered in Raleigh, North Carolina regulated under the authority of the Credit Union Division of the NC Department of Commerce.
Meldon is a village in West Devon in the English county of Devon.
Libmanan Airport (Filipino: Paliparan ng Libmanan, Bikol: Palayogan nin Libmanan) is a planned Botog Lang airport that would serve the municipality of Libmanan and also the Province of Camarines Sur in the Philippines.
Sysy-Meyite (Russian: Сысы-Мейите; Sakha: Сыһыы Мэйиитэ) is a rural locality (a selo), and one of two settlements in Sartansky Rural Okrug of Verkhoyansky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, in addition to Yunkyur, the administrative center of the Rural Okrug.
Randolph County is a county located in the U.S. state of Indiana.
The "monster of Aramberri" is the denomination that was given to the fossil remains of a huge marine reptile, a giant carnivore belonging to the Pliosauroidea clade that was found in Aramberri, Nuevo León, Mexico by a student of the Facultad de Ciencias de la Tierra of the Universidad Autónoma de Nuevo León while conducting geological mapping in 1985.
Sarah Silverman: Jesus Is Magic is a 2005 comedy written by and starring Sarah Silverman, directed by Liam Lynch and distributed by Roadside Attractions.
Manish Makhija also known as Munish Makhija (born on 7 October 1968) is an Indian VJ, and Mumbai-based restaurateur, who is most known for his characters Udham Singh on Channel V's The Udham Singh Show (1997), and Munna on UTV Bindass's Cash Cab – Meter Chalu Hai .
In The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, the Council of the Church is the supreme governing body of the church which holds the power to make the final decision on any spiritual matter that will affect any member of the church.
The province of East Nusa Tenggara in Indonesia is divided into regencies (Indonesian: Kabupaten), which are turn are divided administratively into districts, known as Kecamantan.
John George Brill (German: Johann Georg Brill) (Kassel, Germany, 1817 – 1888) was a co-founder of J. G. Brill and Company, which, at its height, was the largest manufacturer of streetcars and interurban cars in the United States.
The phrase Stasi 2.
Maple Hill Pavilion (formerly Maple Hill Mall) is a strip mall serving the city of Kalamazoo, Michigan.
Winston Spear is a Canadian stand-up comedian and actor from Toronto, Ontario.
This is a list of Ministers of the Soviet government.
Carly Melin (born August 13, 1985) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives.
Artaius (foaled 1974) was an American-bred, Irish-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
The following lists events that happened in 1961 in Libya.
Pauline Marie O'Neill (née Schindler) (January 13, 1865 – January 12, 1961) was an American suffragist and legislator.
The Collegiate Church of St Paul is a Roman Catholic parish church located in Rabat, Malta.
Louis P. DiPalma (born April 20, 1961 in Bridgeport, Connecticut) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Rhode Island Senate representing District 12 since January 2009.
George Henry Caton Haigh (1860 – 11 February 1941) FZS, MBOU, DL, was a world authority on Himalayan flowering trees and exotic plants.
St. Patrick Regional Secondary School (St. Pat's) is a Catholic prep-school in Vancouver, under the administration of CISVA (Catholic Independent Schools of the Vancouver Archdiocese) school board.
The Report of 1800 was a resolution drafted by James Madison arguing for the sovereignty of the individual states under the United States Constitution and against the Alien and Sedition Acts.
The Lithuanian–Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic (LBSSR; Lithuanian: Lietuvos–Baltarusijos Tarybinė Socialistinė Respublika; Belarusian: Літоўска–Беларуская Савецкая Сацыялістычная Рэспубліка; Russian: Литовско–Белорусская ССР; Polish: Litewsko–Białoruska Republika Rad) or Litbel (Lit-Bel) was a Soviet socialist republic that existed within the territories of modern Belarus and eastern Lithuania for approximately five months during 1919.
The painting of House with an Arch is a work by the Russian artist Sergei I. Osipov (1915–1985), executed in 1972 during the one of his visit of Staritsa ancient town and recognized as one of his most famous works in the genre of winter cityscape.
William of Talou, Count of Talou (a.
Israel Maimon (Hebrew: ישראל מימון‎) is a lawyer and former Cabinet Secretary of Israel.
The Eugene Green Energy Standard was an international standard to which national or international green electricity labelling schemes could be accredited to confirm that they provide genuine environmental benefits.
Frederick William Baller (21 November 1852 – 12 August 1922) was a British Protestant Christian missionary to China, Chinese linguist, translator, educator and sinologist.
Tetritskaro or Tetritsqaro (Georgian: თეთრიწყარო) is a town in Kvemo Kartli in southern Georgia.
The Lives of a Cell: Notes of a Biology Watcher (1974) is collection of 29 essays written by Lewis Thomas for the New England Journal of Medicine between 1971 and 1973.
Year of the Lash (in Spanish, Año del Cuero) is a term used in Cuba in reference to 1844.
The women's 400 metres event at the 2001 IAAF World Indoor Championships was held on March 9–11.
Robert F. Lyons (born October 17, 1939 in Albany, New York) is an American actor of film and television.
Elisabeth Schellekens is an academic philosopher specialising in the philosophy of aesthetics and ethics.
Ingrid Boulting was born in Transvaal in 1947 – daughter of English film-maker Roy Boulting and niece of John Boulting and Sydney Boulting a.
The Rhodes piano (also known as the Fender Rhodes piano or simply Fender Rhodes or Rhodes) is an electric piano invented by Harold Rhodes, which became particularly popular throughout the 1970s.
Ancipitia is a genus of orchids originating from South America, currently consisting of 28 species.
Albert Looking Elk (c.
The Circuito del Jarama (Circuit of Jarama), formerly known as Circuito Permanente del Jarama (Permanent circuit of Jarama) is a 3.
The Thompson Cottage, also called the James Marshall Cottage, was a tenant farmer's house built by James Marshall about the time of the American Revolution.
World Movies is an Australian subscription television channel dedicated to all things in international film.
Automotive electronics are any electrically-generated systems used in road vehicles, such as: carputers, telematics, in-car entertainment systems, etc.
Burnett is an unincorporated community in Industrial Township, Saint Louis County, Minnesota, United States.
Ametropic amblyopia, is a medical condition in which the retina cannot focus on the image of a distant object, a condition often described as reduced visual acuity.
The Opouri River is a river of the Marlborough Region of New Zealand's South Island.
Aubusson-d'Auvergne is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne in central France.
Townsley is a surname.
Stephen L. Goodman House is a historic home located at Glens Falls, Warren County, New York.
Zaskia Sungkar is an Indonesian actress, singer and dancer.
Nikolaus Hofreiter (born 8 May 1904 in Linz, Upper Austria, Austria; died 23 January 1990) was an Austrian mathematician who worked mainly in number theory.
Crumpsall Metrolink station is a Manchester Metrolink station on the former Manchester Victoria to Bury railway line and is located on the corner of Crumpsall Lane and Station Road.
Kalfaret is a neighborhood in the city of Bergen in Hordaland county, Norway.
The Madonna of Loreto or Pilgrim's Madonna is a famous painting (1604–1606) by the Italian Baroque master Caravaggio, located in the Cavalletti Chapel of the church of Sant'Agostino, near the Piazza Navona in Rome.
Klaus-Dieter Ludwig (born January 2, 1943 in Züllichau) is a German rower who competed for East Germany in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Óengus son of Fergus (Pictish: *Onuist map Urguist; Old Irish: Óengus mac Fergusso, "Angus mac Fergus"), was king of the Picts from 732 until his death in 761.
Tārūt Island (Arabic: جزيرة تاروت‎) is an island in the Persian Gulf belonging to the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia, connected by two causeways to Qatif.
Providence Town Center is a lifestyle center located near Collegeville in Upper Providence Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.
Frankfort Springs is a borough in Beaver County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Chekhov (Russian: Че́хов) is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.
Pedroche is a municipality in the province of Córdoba, Andalusia, Spain.
Atli Þór Héðinsson (born 23 September 1953) is an Icelandic former footballer who played as a forward.
"I Am The World" is a song recorded by the Bee Gees, written and sung by Robin Gibb.
The women's shot put competition of the athletics events at the 2015 Pan American Games will take place on July 22 at the CIBC Pan Am and Parapan Am Athletics Stadium.
Sevenmile Creek is a 6.
George Wilson, known as the Blackheath Pedestrian, (24 June 1766 – after 1822) was a Newcastle born character, and competitive walker/athlete, and a tax collector by trade, In the song "On Russell The Pedestrian" which appeared in 1840 in The Tyne Songster, George Wilson is mentioned by name as a well-known competitive walker.
Bow Bridge is a small town in the Great Southern of Western Australia.
David Bradley (born 1954) is a Minnesota Chippewa artist.
This is a list of years in Azerbaijan.
Dr. Phil is an American talk show hosted by Phil McGraw.
Ebrahimabad-e Deh Gavi (Persian: ابراهيم اباددهگاوي‎‎, also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād-e Deh Gāvī; also known as Ebrāhīmābād) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District, Negin Kavir District, Fahraj County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Jacob Kornerup (1825–1913) was a Danish archeoloigist and painter who is remembered above all for discovering and restoring medieval frescos in Danish churches.
Robert Butler (c.
John Somerville, 3rd Lord Somerville (died 1491) was the son of William Somerville, 2nd Lord Somerville and Janet Mowat.
Lele is a Mande language of Guinea.
This is a list of Zimbabwean Twenty20 International cricketers.
Luisenthal is a municipality in the district of Gotha, in Thuringia, Germany.
1991 Dakar Rally also known as the 1991 Paris–Dakar Rally was the 13th running of the Dakar Rally event.
Härryda is a locality situated in Härryda Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden.
Platinum Arena is an indoor sporting arena located in Khabarovsk, Russia.
The Maryland High School Assessments (HSA) are standardized tests that measure school and individual student progress toward the High School Core Learning Goals of the U.S. state of Maryland, which were established after passing of the No Child Left Behind Act.
Webster Aitken (June 17, 1908 in Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada – May 11, 1981 in Santa Fe, New Mexico) was an American pianist.
Norfolk & Western 1218 is a steam locomotive that at one time was the strongest-pulling operational steam locomotive in the world.
Pašin Potok is a village in Croatia.
Hot Cakes is the third studio album by British rock band The Darkness, released on 20 August 2012 on Canary Dwarf Records.
Providence Plantations was the first permanent European American settlement in present-day Rhode Island.
Sewers is the third studio album by the death metal band Torture Killer.
Zhao Youfeng (simplified Chinese: 赵友凤; traditional Chinese: 趙友鳳; pinyin: Zhào Yǒufèng; born May 5, 1965) is a former long-distance runner from PR China.
Sobha, Algeria is a town and commune in Chlef Province, Algeria.
Sports is an important part of the culture of Maharashtra.
Lufkin is a brand featuring primarily measurement tools such as calipers, gauges, micrometers, and measuring tapes.
Edinburgh was a burgh constituency represented in the Parliament of Scotland and the Convention of the Estates to 1707.
KCNT (88.
Taibach or Tai-Bach (English: Little Houses) is a suburban district of Port Talbot, Wales.
Run, Angel, Run!
John Amyas Alexander (27 January 1922 – 17 August 2010) was an archaeologist for more than 50 years and Fellow of St John's College, Cambridge.
The Tara Bai class of coastal patrol vessels is a series of six watercraft built by Singapore Slipway & Engineering and Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers, Kolkata for Indian Coast Guard.
A coroplast (or koroplast) was a modeler of terracotta figurines in Greek antiquity.
Nasusina vallis is a moth in the Geometridae family.
Knights of the City (originally Cry of the City) is a 1986 action adventure film starring Leon Isaac Kennedy, Nicholas Campbell, John Mengatti and Janine Turner.
George Sage (born December 1872) was an English footballer who played as an outside or inside forward.
Oshi Tōshō-gū (忍東照宮) is a Shinto shrine in Gyōda, Saitama Prefecture, Japan.
"Off on Your Own (Girl)" is a 1988 single recorded by Al B. Sure!
Jan III of Oświęcim (Polish: Jan III oświęcimski) (1366 – by 19 August 1405) was a Duke of Oświęcim since 1376 until his death.
The Dongui Bogam (동의보감) is a Korean book compiled by the royal physician, Heo Jun (1539 – 1615) and was first published in 1613 during the Joseon Dynasty of Korea.
Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Leushi (Russian: Леуши) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kondinsky District of Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug, Russia.
The slate-coloured seedeater (Sporophila schistacea) is a bird species in the family Thraupidae, native to Central America and South America.
Elizabeth Rodriguez (born December 27, 1980) is an American actress.
The Dumitra River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
Decimus Junius M. f.
Lake Moro is a lake in the Province of Brescia, Lombardy, Italy.
Sugarplum Fairies was originally founded by Ben Bohm (guitars, bg vocals) and Silvia Ryder (vocals).
Spigno Monferrato is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region of Piedmont, located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) southeast of Turin and about 45 kilometres (28 mi) southwest of Alessandria.
Lewis Gordon is an American philosopher.
Russi is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Ravenna in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) east of Bologna and about 14 kilometres (9 mi) southwest of Ravenna.
The Kosobe Conservatory (古曽部温室, Kosobe Onshitsu) is a botanical garden that forms part of the Experimental Farm, Kyoto University (京都大学大学院 農学研究科附属農場), located at Hacchonawate 12, Takatsuki, Osaka, Japan.
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Hutchinson County, Texas.
Gregory of Catino (1060 – aft.
"Depend on Me" (2001) is the second song released by Nikki Webster from her debut album Follow Your Heart.
The Nadăș River (Hungarian: Nádas-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
Frederick of Nassau-Weilburg (born 26 April 1640 in Metz; died: 8 September 1675) was the ruling Count of Nassau-Weilburg from 1655 to 1675.
Joseph Israël Tarte, PC (January 11, 1848 – December 18, 1907) was a Canadian politician and journalist.
Scotch'n'Soda is a student-run theatre organization that resides on the campus of Carnegie Mellon University.
William George Tuck (1900 – 1999) was an English watercolourist from east London.
Alama Ieremia (born 27 October 1970) is a New Zealand rugby union coach.
The Rift is a 2012 science fiction thriller short film directed by Robert Kouba and written by Robert Kouba, Tasha Lowe-Newsome, Yuell Newsome, and Jonathan Peace.
The Loneman Fire Lookout in Glacier National Park is significant as one of a chain of manned fire lookout posts within the park.
C70 fullerene is the fullerene molecule consisting of 70 carbon atoms.
1989–90 Albanian Cup (Albanian: Kupa e Shqipërisë) was the thirty-eighth season of Albania's annual cup competition.
Thelma Boughner (born 27 September 1918) is a retired Canadian diver who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Cotesia urabae Austin & Allen is a solitary larval endoparasitoid which is part of a large complex of 11 primary parasitoids of Uraba lugens Walker, many of which are polyphagous (Allen, 1990a, 1990b).
Rosebery Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.
The fictional world of the Japanese tokusatsu series Garo features the conflict between Horrors, demons who manifest themselves through the darkness in humans, and the Makai, an ancient order dedicated to protecting normal humans from the Horrors.
USRC Virginia may refer to: USRC Virginia (1791), was one of the first ten Revenue Service cutters in service from 1791–1798 USRC Virginia (1797), was a Revenue Service cutter in service from 1798–1807 See also USS Virginia for ships of the US Navy Note Ships of the US Revenue Cutter Service were often placed under the authority of the US Navy during times of war.
Hold on it's Easy is a 2015 studio album by the British band Cornershop.
Deli Bik (Persian: دلي بيك‎, also Romanized as Delī Bīk; also known as Delī Beyg) is a village in Rostam-e Seh Rural District, Sorna District, Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.
The blue-fronted robin (Cinclidium frontale) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family.
José Moreira Bastos Neto (January 25, 1953 – April 26, 2014) was a Brazilian Roman Catholic bishop.
The 1979–80 Boston Bruins season was the Bruins' 56th season.
"Valerie" is a song by the English indie rock band The Zutons from the band's second studio album, Tired of Hanging Around (2006).
Terephthaloyl chloride (TCL, 1,4-benzenedicarbonyl chloride) is the acid chloride of terephthalic acid and is one of two monomers used to make Kevlar(R), the other being p-phenylenediamine.
Isaac Foot (23 February 1880 – 13 December 1960) was a British politician and solicitor.
The Marshal of Finland (Finnish: Suomen Marsalkka) is a Finnish-Kenyan fictional film based on the life of Marshal Carl Gustaf Emil Mannerheim.
Canal 11 is a private Costa Rican television channel, owned and operated by Repretel since 1996.
Hieracium crepidispermum is a North American plant species in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family.
In computing, a line is a unit of organization for text files.
Batman: Arkham Asylum is a 2009 action-adventure video game based on the DC Comics superhero Batman.
Have Gun will Travel is an alternative folk-rock band, launched on January 24, 2006.
Róża Berger born Reizel Leser (20 June 1889 – 11 August 1945) was the only victim of the 1945 Kraków pogrom.
Jude Dibia (born 5 January 1975 in Lagos, Nigeria)is a Nigerian novelist.
Granville Square is a prominent tower located at 200 Granville Street in Downtown Vancouver's Financial District.
GDV may refer to: Gas Discharge Visualization Gastric dilatation volvulus Dawson Community Airport in Glendive, Montana (IATA Code: GDV) The result when Google, Babelfish, translate.
Kansangui is a town and sub-prefecture in the Tougué Prefecture in the Labé Region of northern-central Guinea.
In the shipping industry and logistics, drayage is the transport of goods over a short distance, often as part of a longer overall move and is typically completed in a single work shift.
Paper flower may refer to a type of artificial flower.
Raymond "Ray" King (15 August 1924 – 19 July 2014) was an English football goalkeeper.
Freeing HK (Chinese: 逃出香港) is a real life escape game and the first room escape based game company in Hong Kong which was founded by four Post 80s and 90s in 2012.
Joseph W. McGuckin (1862–1903) was an outfielder in Major League Baseball who played for the Baltimore Orioles of the American Association in 11 games in 1890.
Sorcerer is a 1985 pinball machine released by Williams Electronics.
Heberden's nodes are hard or bony swellings that can develop in the distal interphalangeal joints (DIP) (the joints closest to the end of the fingers and toes).
The World Long Drive Championships, known under its corporate sponsored title as the RE/MAX World Long Drive Championship, is an annual world championship in long drive golf driving, hosted since 1975.
The Theorem Proving System (TPS) is an automated theorem proving system for first-order and higher-order logic.
The Latvian National Independence Movement (Latvian: Latvijas Nacionālās Neatkarības Kustība, LNNK) was a political organization in Latvia from 1988 until the mid-1990s.
The Dave Andreychuk Mountain Arena & Skating Centre is a recreation complex in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
Takayuki Aoki (青木 孝行, Aoki Takayuki, born October 26, 1972, in Shiga) is a Japanese auto racing driver.
For the graphic arts firm and type foundry, see Nebiolo Printech  Nebbiolo (Italian), or Nebieul (Piedmontese) is a red Italian wine grape variety predominantly associated with the Piedmont region where it makes the Denominazione di Origine Controllata e Garantita (DOCG) wines of Barolo, Barbaresco, Roero, Gattinara and Ghemme.
The Squall (Azerbaijani: Fəryad) is a 1993 Azerbaijani war film directed by Jeyhun Mirzayev based loosely on the Nagorno-Karabakh War and Khojaly Massacre.
Thure Frank Lindhardt (born 24 December 1974) is a Danish actor, educated at the drama school at Odense Theatre in 1998.
Whittier is an unincorporated community in Jackson and Swain counties in the western part of the U.S. state of North Carolina.
St. Louis, Missouri was a strategic location during the American Civil War, an important city to the Union army and navy.
"Waitin' Around to Die" is a folk/country song written and recorded by Texas singer/songwriter Townes Van Zandt.
Újezd is a village and municipality (obec) in Olomouc District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic.
MV Target is a semi-submersible heavy transport ship.
Timbuktu is a 2014 French-Mauritanian drama film directed by Abderrahmane Sissako.
Rosane Kirch (born April 19, 1976 in Bacabal, Maranhão) is a female professional road cyclist from Brazil.
Medrad is an American company headquartered in Warrendale, Pennsylvania It was founded in 1964 by M. Stephen Heilman, a doctor who created the first flow-controlled, angiographic power injector in the kitchen of his home near Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Sirius is a binary star system in the constellation Canis Major, appearing as the brightest star in the night sky.
Pythium perniciosum is a plant pathogen infecting strawberries and poinsettias.
The Exmouth Exodus is an annual semi-organised, through-the-night bicycle ride from Bath to Exmouth seafront on the weekend of the full moon in August.
Michael D. Ryan (1945 – January 30, 2012) was an associate justice on the Arizona Supreme Court, a position he had held 2002-2010.
Gelechia cuneifera is a moth of the Gelechiidae family.
The white-throated pewee (Contopus albogularis) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.
Remmert Wielinga (born April 27, 1978 in Eindhoven) is a Dutch professional road bicycle racer.
The Hermann Heights Monument is a statue erected in New Ulm, Minnesota.
// may refer to: //, a comment (computer programming) indicator in several programming languages include C, C++ and Java.
Spalastry [spaˈlastrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gidle, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
Pacific Palisades is a 1990 French-American comedy film directed by Bernard Schmitt and starring Sophie Marceau in her American film debut, Adam Coleman Howard, and Anne E. Curry.
The Music Branch of the Canadian Armed Forces is composed of 6 full-time regular force bands, 53 part-time reserve force bands and 15 voluntary bands.
Mexico is a common name for the United Mexican States, a sovereign state in North America.
Svein Olav Blindheim (born 25 July 1954 in Ålesund, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (upright bass), composer and writer, and the brother of jazz pianist Oddbjørn Blindheim.
Margaret Dorothy Baker (6 June 1907 - 2003) was a British artist.
St. Paul's School is a Christian minority, unaided, co-educational English medium public school run by The Delhi Orthodox Syrian Church Society to impart education to Orthodox students and to students who stay in the nearby areas of Hauz Khas.
Dipak Nandy is an Indian Marxist and academic who was the founder and first Director of the Runnymede Trust.
Gerald William "Jerry" Trainor (born January 21, 1977) is an American actor, widely known for playing Crazy Steve on Drake & Josh and Spencer Shay on iCarly.
The tangelo (/ˈtændʒəloʊ/ TAN-jə-loh or /tænˈdʒɛloʊ/ tan-JEL-loh; C. reticulata × C. maxima or x C. paradisi), Citrus × tangelo, is a citrus fruit hybrid of tangerine and pomelo or grapefruit.
Larry Beasley, CM (born 12 May 1948) was recently Co-Director of Planning for the City Of Vancouver in British Columbia, Canada.
The 1931 Baltic Cup was held in Tallinn, Estonia at Kadrioru staadion from 30 August to 1 September in 1931.
No Surrender…No Retreat is the third album from the rapper Bushwick Bill, which he dedicated to Gil Epstein, a Fort Bend County prosecutor and friend who was gunned down in 1996, two years before the album's release.
Cvetka Bevc (born 29 October 1960) is a Slovene writer and poet.
The Iowa Pre-Flight Seahawks represented the U.S. Navy pre-flight school at the University of Iowa in the college football seasons of 1942, 1943, and 1944.
Dr. Glenn R. Frye House is a historic home located at Hickory, Catawba County, North Carolina.
Pendik Naval Shipyard (Turkish: Pendik Donanma Tersanesi) is a naval shipyard of the Turkish Navy on the northeastern coast of the Sea of Marmara in Tuzla, Istanbul, Turkey.
Cougar Gold is an American Cheddar cheese produced at the Washington State University Creamery in Pullman, Washington.
Wesoła [vɛˈsɔwa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęka Opatowska, within Kępno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
"Heul doch" (English: Go ahead and cry) and "Shut Up" are rock songs by German singer LaFee.
Birchinlee is the site of "Tin Town", a village built by the Derwent Valley Water Board for the workers (and their families) who constructed the Derwent and Howden Dams between 1902 and 1916.
Aphaenogaster mediterrae has been discovered and described by Shattuck, S. O. in 2008.
The Northeastern Huskies will represent Northeastern University in WHEA women's ice hockey during the 2014–15 NCAA Division I women's ice hockey season.
Auburn Township is one of the twenty-two townships of Tuscarawas County, Ohio, United States.
Robbie Vincent (born 9 June 1947) is an English radio broadcaster and DJ whose catch phrase for many years was "If it moves, Funk it" He started life as a journalist although Robbie Vincent's broadcasting career began as one of the pioneers on BBC Radio London in early 1974 during the miners' strike and Three-day week hosting a new style of phone-in show called Late Night London playing "devils advocate" with the telephone callers.
Szklary [ˈʂklarɨ] (Ukrainian: Шкляри, Shkliary) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaśliska, within Krosno County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.
The title Baron Monthermer was created twice in the Peerage of England.
Héctor Maisonave is a music entrepreneur and talent manager.
The National Car Museum of Iran (Persian: موزه ملی خودردو ایران‎‎ Muze Melli Xodrodu Irân) is a museum in Karaj, Iran, opened in 2001.
Draupadi Vastrapaharanam (Telugu: ద్రౌపదీ వస్త్రాపహరణం) is a 1936 Telugu film.
Priscilla Hill (born October 4, 1961) is an American retired competitive figure skater who works as a coach.
Antoinette Uys (born 2 March 1976) is a female badminton player from South Africa.
Burg Neuberg is a castle in Styria, Austria.
The Road of the Eagles (a.
Valery Marov (Belarusian: Валерый Мараў; Russian: Валерий Маров; born 17 November 1993) is a Belarusian professional football player currently playing for Torpedo-BelAZ Zhodino.
Halush (Persian: هلوش‎, also Romanized as Halūsh) is a village in Jayedar Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
The 2009–10 NCAA Division I men's basketball season began on November 9, 2009, and ended with the 2010 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament's championship game on April 5, 2010 on the Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis.
Acy, Louisiana is an unincorporated community in the southeastern part of the state.
Usman Iqbal Gondal (born 1987) is a retired Pakistani international footballer.
Japie Laubscher (1919-1981) was a concertina player for Boeremusiek in South Africa.
Kjell Arnljot Wig (31 December 1924 – 18 January 2015) was a Norwegian media personality.
Charles Burney (1726–1814) was an English music historian.
Jeff Goodell is an American author and contributing editor to Rolling Stone magazine.
Time is an album by Steeleye Span.
Dangerous Visions (ISBN 0-425-06176-0) is a science fiction short story anthology edited by Harlan Ellison, published in 1967.
The buff-throated sunbird (Chalcomitra adelberti) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.
Loveridge Plantation is a quail hunting plantation located in northern Leon County, Florida, United States and established by George H. Love.
The T-13 was a tank destroyer in use with the Belgian armed forces before WWII and during the Battle of Belgium.
This is an incomplete list of all battles involving the United States during World War II.
The Miss Ecuador 2005 was on March 12, 2005.
Ashhurst-Fitzherbert is a constituent ward of Palmerston North, Manawatu-Wanganui, New Zealand.
The Turvo River (Goiás) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
Lake Express is a high-speed auto and passenger ferry that is in service on a route across Lake Michigan.
Stephen Christy (born 1985) is an American film and television producer and comic book editor.
Wola Wieruszycka [ˈvɔla vjɛruˈʂɨt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapanów, within Bochnia County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
Kolonaki Square (Greek: Πλατεία Κολωνακίου), is located in central Athens, Greece.
Wisconsin Public Television is a state network of public television stations operated primarily by the Wisconsin Educational Communications Board and the University of Wisconsin–Extension.
Etchingham is an English village in East Sussex.
Paul Collins (born January 12, 1969) is an American writer, editor and Chair of English at Portland State University, in Portland, Oregon.
My Bonny Light Horseman is the sixth novel in L. A. Meyer's series Bloody Jack.
Two Twisted is an Australian TV mystery anthology drama which premiered on the Nine Network on 14 August 2006.
Nongqawuse (Xhosa pronunciation: [noŋ̈͡ǃawuːse]; c.
Aleksandria Niedziałowska [alɛkˈsandrja ɲɛd͡ʑaˈwɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
Mohsen Fakhrizadeh-Mahabadi (born circa 1961) is an Iranian officer in the Iranian Revolutionary Guard and a Professor of physics at the Imam Hussein University, Tehran.
George Papashvily (Georgian: გიორგი პაპაშვილი; August 23, 1898 - March 29, 1978) was a famous Georgian-American writer and sculptor.
Cary Station is located in the Ledgewood section of Roxbury Township, Morris County, New Jersey, United States.
Droughts and famines in Russia and the Soviet Union tended to occur on a fairly regular basis, with famine occurring every 10–13 years and droughts every 5–7 years.
Afton Chemical Corporation develops and manufactures petroleum additives, including driveline, engine oil, fuel and industrial additives.
Ryan Noah Shapiro (born 1976) is a doctoral candidate at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, a U.S. Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) researcher and an advocate for animal rights.
The Scottish Rite Cathedral in Meridian, Mississippi is a former building that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Peter C. Whybrow is an English psychiatrist and award-winning author whose primary research focus has been on understanding the metabolic role of thyroid hormones in the adult brain and how to apply this knowledge to the treatment of mood disorder, especially manic depression.
John Rocco Panelli (May 7, 1926 – March 2, 2012) was an American football player.
The Radom Air Show (Polish: Międzynarodowe Pokazy Lotnicze „Air Show Radom“, International air shows - Radom Air Show) is a biannual celebration in the city of Radom, Poland, which began in 2000 (to continue in 2001, 2002, 2003 and then 2005).
The Criollas de Caguas is the professional female volleyball team of Caguas, Puerto Rico.
Virbia marginata is a moth in the Arctiidae family.
Cultivation theory is a social theory which examines the long-term effects of television.
Taffy Thomas, MBE is a storyteller, based in Grasmere in the English Lake District.
Copper(II) tetrafluoroborate is the copper salt of tetrafluoroboric acid which involves copper in its +2 oxidation state bonded to two tetrafluoroborate anions (BF4−).
John McEnroe was the defending champion and won in the final 6–4, 7–5, 6–2 against Roscoe Tanner.
Creditcall Limited is a Payment Service Provider and Payment gateway offering credit card authorisation and settlement services via a single XML protocol to the major banks and processors in the United Kingdom, United States and Canada.
Tatiana Chişca (born July 19, 1995 in Bălţi) is a Moldovan swimmer, who specialized in breaststroke events.
I'll Be Alright is the third studio album by Canadian country music artist Duane Steele.
The International Coptic Union (Acronym: ICU, Arabic:التجمع القبطى الدولي, German: Internationale Koptische Union, French: Union Internationale Copte) is an international organisation that aims to unify the Egyptian Coptic community around the world in order to resolve any conflict or hardship that may be faced by any Christian community, generally, or the Coptic community, specifically.
The following is a list of music releases on The Echo Label.
The Big Boulder Lakes are a chain of thirteen small alpine and glacial Paternoster lakes in Custer County, Idaho, United States, located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area.
Zhan Viacheslavovich Bush (Russian: Жан Вячеславович Буш born 1 April 1993) is a Russian figure skater.
Strike!
STREAMS Integrated Intelligent Transport System is an enterprise traffic management system designed to operate in the Microsoft Windows environment.
Amblypneustes elevatus is a species of sea urchin of the family Temnopleuridae.
Lost in the Funhouse (1968) is a short story collection by American author John Barth.
Azucaron pineapples (also called azucaron) are very sweet pineapples found in Honduras and other parts of central and South America.
Marius Antonescu (born 9 August 1992) is a rugby union lock who plays for Tarbes and Romania.
Herbert Meyer (born 12 June 1948 in Bremen) is a retired German footballer who made a total of 201 appearances in the Fußball-Bundesliga during his playing career.
Terrebonne County is a historical county in the Laurentides region of Quebec, Canada.
Cream Abdul Babar is one of the longest-standing bands in the Tallahassee scene.
Emmanuel Okala (born May 17, 1951) is an ex-footballer who played for the Nigerian national football team from 1972–1980.
The 1994 United States Senate election in Wyoming was held on November 3, 1994.
Juan Castellar y de Borja (1441–1505) (called the Cardinal of Trani and the Cardinal of Monreale) was a Spanish Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.
The Perry Avenue Bridge over the Silvermine River in the Silvermine section of Norwalk, Connecticut was built in 1899.
Betty Swords was an American cartoonist whose work appeared in Saturday Evening Post, Redbook, Good Housekeeping, Ladies Home Journal, Changing Times, and others, usually using her own gags but sometimes from other writers.
Gerrit Pietersz Sweelink (1566–1612) was a Dutch Golden Age painter.
The 1997–98 NBA season was the Lakers' 50th season in the NBA and 38th in the city of Los Angeles.
Hospital de Órbigo (Spanish pronunciation: [ospiˈtal de ˈorβiɣo]) is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.
Chris Darkins is a former running back in the National Football League.
Saros cycle 125, repeating every 18 year, 11 days, containing 73 events.
Throckmorton is a small village and civil parish in the administrative district of Wychavon, in the county of Worcestershire, England.
Maryam Nawaz Sharif (Urdu: مریم نواز ‎) is a Pakistani activist and daughter of the current Prime minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif and Kalsoom Nawaz.
Georges Perec (March 7, 1936 in Paris - March 3, 1982 in Ivry-sur-Seine) was a French novelist, filmmaker, documentalist, and essayist.
Animesh Chakraborty (born June 30, 1935) is a Bengali Indian academic and a professor of chemistry.
Preble's meadow jumping mouse (Zapus hudsonius preblei) is a subspecies of jumping mouse, endemic to the upland habitats of Colorado and Wyoming in North America.
Gédéon Larocque (December 21, 1831 – October 23, 1903) was a physician and political figure in Quebec.
Richard Teitelbaum (born May 19, 1939) is an American composer, keyboardist, and improvisor.
The Eurovision Song Contest 2011 was the 56th edition of the annual Eurovision Song Contest.
60 Minutos (English: 60 Minutes) was a Chilean TV newscast which aired on TVN during the military government of Augusto Pinochet between 1975 and 1988.
KNTO (93.
Marcelo Moretto de Souza (born 10 May 1978), known as Moretto, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for North American club Miami Dade FC as a goalkeeper.
Pregolsky (Russian: Прегольский) is a residential area within Tsentralny City District of Kaliningrad, Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia.
Guo Wei (郭威) (10 September 904 – 22 February 954), also known by his temple name Taizu (太祖), was the founding emperor of imperial China's short-lived Later Zhou during the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period, reigning from 951 until his death.
Ayothiapattinam is a panchayat town in Salem district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.
Sayaf Al Korbi (born 14 September 1991) is a Qatari footballer who currently plays for Qatar Stars League side Al Rayyan.
Newport was a parliamentary borough located in Newport (Isle of Wight), which was abolished in for the 1885 general election.
Djanet Sears (born 1959) is a Canadian playwright, actor and director.
Rothamsted Research, previously known as the Rothamsted Experimental Station and then the Institute of Arable Crops Research, is one of the oldest agricultural research institutions in the world, having been founded in 1843.
Jarlath "Cha" Whelan (7 September 1939 – 22 March 1996) was an Irish hurler who played as a full-back for the Kilkenny and London senior teams.
Invocation is a form of supplication or prayer.
Pamyat (Russian: Память, Russian: Общество «Память», Russian pronunciation: [ˈpamʲɪtʲ]; English translation: Memory) identifies itself as the "People's National-patriotic Orthodox Christian movement".
Aldan Airport (IATA: ADH, ICAO: UEEA) is a civilian airport in Russia located 1 kilometre (0.
Madhav Kumar Nepal (Nepali: माधवकुमार नेपाल listen , born March 6, 1953) is a Nepali politician who was Prime Minister of Nepal from May 25, 2009 to February 6, 2011.
William Sykes (1827 – 4 January 1891) was an English convict, transported to Western Australia for manslaughter.
The Serenade for Tenor, Horn and Strings, Op.
Smatind Peak (72°33′S 2°57′W) is a small peak close southeast of Fasettfjellet, near the east end of Borg Massif in Queen Maud Land.
Siegling is a surname.
The 1993 Boston Red Sox season was a season in American baseball.
The village of Causeway is situated roughly 15 miles north of Tralee, 6 miles east of Ballyheigue and 6 miles west of Ballyduff.
Sir Albert Edward Kemp, KCMG, PC (August 11, 1858 – August 12, 1929) was a Canadian businessman and politician.
The Kemerovo (Russian: Keмepoвcкaя, Kemerovskaya) is a general-purpose pig breed from Russia.
Joe Duttine (born 30 June 1970), sometimes credited as Jo Duttine, is an English film, theatre and television actor.
York Mills is a subway station on the Yonge–University line in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The Appleton Log Hall is a meeting hall in Appleton, a community in Klickitat County, Washington, United States.
Talento Argentino is a program of television show, in Telefé channel led by Mariano Peluffo.
Archontophoenix maxima, the Walsh River Palm, is the largest species of the Archontophoenix genus.
The Conroy Tri-Turbo-Three was a Douglas DC-3 fitted with three Pratt & Whitney Canada PT6 engines by Conroy Aircraft; the third engine was mounted on the nose of the aircraft.
Session capping is a term in online advertising that means restricting (capping) the amount of specific advertising sessions a visitor to a website is allowed to have.
Ta-Tung is a food company based in L'Hospitalet de Llobregat, Spain.
Holy See–Russia relations (Russian: Российско-Ватиканские отношения) is the bilateral relationship between the Holy See and Russia.
Joan Boyd Wall (born in Baton Rouge) is a retired American operatic mezzo-soprano, voice teacher, and author on the art of singing.
Jan Jurjewicz Zabrzeziński or Zaberezhsky (murdered on February 2, 1508) was a noble of Leliwa coat of arms from the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, who achieved the height of his influence during the reign of Alexander I Jagiellon (1492–1506).
Hymenocharta is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
The Namibia Agricultural Union is a union of farmers in Namibia which represents commercial or non-subsistence farmers.
Greens Fork is a town in Clay Township, Wayne County, Indiana, United States.
Phyllonorycter nipigon is a moth of the Gracillariidae family.
The Puerto Rico Open presented by seepuertorico.com is a professional golf tournament on the PGA Tour that was first played in 2008.
The Jacquet River railway station is a flag stop Via Rail station in the community of Jacquet River, New Brunswick, Canada.
FabricLive.
Vermo is the main harness racing track of Finland, opened in 1977.
Sweet Genius is an American reality-based cooking television series on the Food Network.
Florin Ionuţ Ilie (born 18 June 1992) is an Romanian footballer who plays as a centre back.
Money Sucks, Friends Rule is the debut full-length studio album by Dillon Francis, an American electronic music producer known for being one of the pioneers of moombahton and moombahcore.
AS-level is an abbreviation that can stand for: Advanced Subsidiary level, the first part of the current A Level qualification Advanced Supplementary level, an old qualification which was part of the UK Advanced level system prior to 2000.
The M416, the last of the military 1/4 ton Jeep trailers, can be distinguished from earlier 1/4 ton trailers by its squared fenders.
John Fenwick Blackburn (born Northumberland, 26 June 1923; died 1993) was a British novelist who wrote thrillers, horror novels, and The Flame and the Wind (1967), an unusual historical novel set in Roman times, in which a nephew of Pontius Pilate tries to discover the facts about the crucifixion of Jesus.
The World Saxophone Congress is a festival gathering approximately 1000 saxophonists and other musicians from all over the world.
John William Green (born 10 July 1930 in Waverley, New South Wales) is an Australian botanist.
Dumanköy is a village in the District of Dinar, Afyonkarahisar Province, Turkey.
The individual championship test, grade Ib, para-equestrian dressage event at the 2012 Summer Paralympics was contested on 1 September at Greenwich Park in London.
Ștefan Urâtu (born January 9, 1951, Ustia) is a politician from Moldova.
The Barbados women's national rugby union team are a national sporting side of Barbados, representing them at rugby union.
A scroll is a roll of parchment, papyrus, or paper, which has been drawn or written upon.
Leptoceras is a monotypic genus of orchid found throughout southern states of Australia, its single species is Leptoceras menziesii.
Eudesmia menea, the Lunar Eudesmia, is a moth of the Arctiidae family.
Andrey Nikolaevich Egorchev (Russian: Андрей Николаевич Егорчев, born 8 February 1978) is a Russian volleyball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
The Shire of Lake Grace is a local government area in the Eastern Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, about 350 kilometres (217 mi) ESE of the state capital, Perth.
Ulla West (born 1954 in Trollhättan) is a Swedish artist who lives and works in Stockholm.
Acrobasis obtusella is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis.
Ato Mersha Nahusenay (c.
Calosoma simplex is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae.
Richard Alan Garcés Mendoza, Jr. [gar-CESS] (born May 18, 1971) is a former right-handed relief pitcher in Major League Baseball.
Moubray Glacier is a rather steep glacier flowing south to Moubray Bay from Adare Saddle on Adare Peninsula in Antarctica.
A portable audio player is a personal mobile device that allows the user to listen to recorded audio while mobile.
The 1995–96 Ukrainian Second League is the fifth season of 3rd level professional football in Ukraine.
"Tighten Up" is a 1968 song by Houston, Texas–based R&B vocal group Archie Bell & the Drells.
Brain Damage Films is a US-based worldwide independent film production company and distribution company.
Anaua can refer to: a synonym of the plant genus Drypetes Anaua (spider) (Cycloctenidae).
The Boxed Life is a double spoken word release by former Black Flag singer Henry Rollins also featuring Canadian journalist and radio show host Ian Bussières, also known as "The Oddball".
Jean-Michel Dubernard (French: [dybɛʁnaʁ]; born Lyon, 17 May 1941) is a medical doctor specializing in transplant surgery, as well as a former Deputy in the French National Assembly.
Henry Hodgkins (11 November 1868 – 24 June 1952) was an English cricketer.
Germano Almeida (Portuguese pronunciation: [ʒɨɾˈmɐnu alˈmejdɐ]; born 1945) is a Cape Verde author and lawyer.
Elwood Thomas Cooke (July 5, 1913 in Ogden, Utah – April 16, 2004 in Apopka, Florida) was an amateur American tennis player in the 1930s and 1940s.
White Scar Caves is a show cave in the civil parish of Ingleton, North Yorkshire, England, under Ingleborough in the Chapel-le-Dale valley of the Yorkshire Dales National Park.
A compile farm is a server farm, a collection of one or more servers, which has been set up to compile computer programs remotely for various reasons.
Northwold ("North forest") is a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk.
Mainly for Women is an Australian television series which aired 1961 to 1964 on ABC.
Camille Dreyfus may refer to: Camille Ferdinand Dreyfus (5 May 1849 - 15 July 1915), French lawyer who became Senator for Seine-et-Oise from 1909 to 1915 Camille Dreyfus (chemist) (1878–1956), Swiss-American chemist, inventor, businessman and founder of The Camille and Henry Dreyfus Foundation.
Krasnokutsky District (Russian: Красноку́тский райо́н) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the thirty-eight in Saratov Oblast, Russia.
The FIA WTCC Race of Germany was a round of the World Touring Car Championship, which was held at the Motorsport Arena Oschersleben in Germany.
The Comana River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
Tony Hayden was a Gaelic footballer from County Leitrim.
General Sir Arthur Power Palmer GCB GCIE (25 June 1840 – 28 February 1904) was Commander-in-Chief, India between March 1900 and December 1902.
Tobias Stephan (born January 21, 1984 in Zurich, Switzerland) is a Swiss professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for Genève-Servette of the Swiss National League A (NLA).
Monnières is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.
April Chistofferson is an American author of environmental and political thrillers, including Trapped, Alpha Female, Buffalo Medicine, among others.
Sudden cardiac death (SCD) is usually from cardiac causes, heralded by abrupt loss of consciousness within one hour of the onset of acute symptoms.
Chicago Fire U-23 is an American soccer team based in Chicago, Illinois, United States.
Ian McColl (22 February 1915 – 21 June 2005), was a Scottish journalist, editor and Liberal Party politician.
Brewster Academy (also called BA) is a co-educational independent boarding school located on 80 acres (32 ha) in Wolfeboro, New Hampshire USA.
Dąbrowa Dolna [dɔmˈbrɔva ˈdɔlna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzentyn, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
Ischasia linsleyi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
The Mawson Plateau 30°6′38″S 139°25′19″E is part of the northern Flinders Ranges, located on the Mount Freeling pastoral lease in South Australia, 140 km east of Lyndhurst and adjacent to the northeastern boundary of Arkaroola.
Iolaus cottrelli, Cottrell’s Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family.
Evelio Otero (March 13, 1921 – February 12, 1988) was the first television anchorman in Puerto Rico and one of the first in Latin America.
Events in the year 1842 in India.
Eduard "Edi" Heiz (born March 10, 1947) is a Swiss retired slalom canoeist who competed from the late 1960s to the early 1970s.
The 2010 Kelly Cup Playoffs of the ECHL began April 5, 2010.
The Citadel is a fictional organization, a fascist empire in the DC Universe.
Sir John Baldwin (died 24 October 1545) was an English lawyer and Chief Justice of the Common Pleas.
Arnold Sorina (born 1 June 1988 in Port Vila) is a Vanuatuan middle distance runner.
Oleksandr Mykolayovych Haydash (Ukrainian: Олександр Миколайович Гайдаш) (born 7 August 1967 in Mariupol, Ukrainian SSR) is a former Ukrainian professional football striker who played for FC Shakhtar Donetsk, SC Tavriya Simferopol and FC Metalurh Mariupol' in Ukraine and Sarıyer G.K. in the Turkish Süper Lig.
Mathieu is both a surname and a given name.
Kiangararu is a settlement in Kenya's Central Province.
In telecommunication, speed of service is the time for a message to be received, for example: The time between release of a message by the originator to receipt of the message by the addressee, as perceived by the end user.
Diamecyna setifera is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Diamecyna.
Purpose This site seeks to promote deeper standardization within the oil and energy industry by highlighting areas where standardization has worked very well and where it has not and why, and provoking discussions on the path forward for better standardization.
The Kunštát Castle (Czech: Státní zámek Kunštát na Moravě) is a national monument in Kunštát, Czech Republic.
Apostolis Kolokotronis (Greek: Αποστόλης Κολοκοτρώνης) was a chieftain of the Greek War of Independence and an officer of the Greek army from Arcadia.
Arch Alfred Moore, Jr. (April 16, 1923 – January 7, 2015) was an American lawyer, convicted felon and Republican politician from West Virginia.
Mónika György (born July 13, 1982) is a Romanian cross country skier of Hungarian ethnicity, who has competed since 2000.
Cheraghabad (Persian: چراغ اباد‎, also Romanized as Cherāghābād) is a village in Cheraghabad Rural District, Tukahur District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.
Victor C. "Vic" Wallin was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Ranking Dread (born Winston Brown; c.
"Angel" is a song by Celtic folk rock band The Corrs, the second single from their fourth studio album Borrowed Heaven.
Alena Sobaleva (Belarusian: Алена Собалева; née Navahrodskaya; born 11 May 1993) is a Belarusian athlete specialising in the hammer throw.
The Case of the Black Parrot is a 1941 American crime film directed by Noel M. Smith and written by Robert E. Kent.
Anna de La Grange de Stankowitch (1825–1905) was a French coloratura soprano.
Spider-Man is a pinball machine designed by Steve Ritchie and manufactured by Stern Pinball that was first released in June 2007.
James Moncrief (1741 Scotland - 1793 Ostend, Flanders) was a trained engineer and military officer of Scottish Highlander descent in the British Royal Engineers.
George T. Darany is a Democratic politician from Michigan currently serving in the Michigan House of Representatives.
Stilo (Greek: Stylos, column) is a town and comune in the province of Reggio Calabria, in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Otis M. Smith (1922–1994) was the first African American justice on the Michigan Supreme Court and the General Counsel for General Motors.
Pradeep K. Rohatgi (born in 1943 in Kanpur, India) is a professor of materials engineering, and Director of the Center for Composites at the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee.
The following is a List of Basilicas in Rome.
The Short SB.
The Treaty of Saint Petersburg was signed on 11 April 1805 by the British Empire and the Russian Empire and created an offensive alliance directed against Napoleon's French Empire.
The National Treasury is one of the departments of the South African government.
Daido University (大同大学, Daidō daigaku) is a private university in Minami-ku, Nagoya, Aichi Prefecture, Japan.
Hermine Freed (May 29, 1940 New York City– November 21, 1998 New York City) was an American painter and video artist.
Car Records was a record label founded in 1977 by Chris Stamey of the powerpop group the dB's.
Mae Suai (Thai: แม่สรวย; IPA: [mɛ̂ː sǔaj]) is a district (amphoe) in the western part of Chiang Rai Province, northern Thailand.
The fourth-generation Chevrolet Camaro is an automobile which was produced by Chevrolet for the 1993 through 2002 model years; although 30 the very last models were unofficially sold in 2003.
Eshun is a surname.
Glenn Slater (born 1968) is an American lyricist who collaborates with Alan Menken and other musical theatre composers.
Wilber Hardee (August 15, 1918 – June 20, 2008) was the founder of the American fast-food restaurant chain Hardee's, located mostly in the Midwest and Southeast regions.
The name soil stabilizer can refer to: Soil cement, a mix of pulverized natural soil with small amount of Portland cement and water Cellular confinement, a honeycomb-like plastic soil stabilizer.
The St. Austin Review (StAR) is a Catholic international review of culture and ideas.
The Flesh Eaters is a 1964 American horror/science fiction thriller, directed on a low budget by Jack Curtis and edited by future filmmaker Radley Metzger.
The Janakpuri East (Hindi: जनकपुरी पूर्व) Metro Station is located on the Blue Line of the Delhi Metro.
Hipperholme Grammar School is an independent grammar school in Hipperholme (near Halifax), West Yorkshire, England.
Koumalo is a village in the Bassar Prefecture in the Kara Region of north-western Togo.
The Cryan' Shames are an American garage rock band from Hinsdale, Illinois.
Cape Jeremy is a cape marking the east side of the north entrance to George VI Sound and the west end of a line dividing Graham Land and Palmer Land, Antarctica.
Elizabeth "Lizzie" Mickery is a British writer and former actress.
Euphaedra losinga, the Dark Brown Forester, is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family.
LeRoy Jefferson Weed (March 7, 1878 – June 8, 1961) was an American book publisher and politician from New York.
Serisha (Persian: سريشا‎, also Romanized as Serīshā, Serīsha, and Serīshāh) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.
The International Institute of Rural Reconstruction or IIRR is a rural development organization which has over half a century of participatory, integrated and people-centered development in the continents of Asia, Africa, and Latin America.
William Gaston Caperton III (born February 21, 1940) was the 31st Governor of the U.S. state of West Virginia from 1989–97.
Pecten excavatus is a species of scallop, marine bivalve molluscs in the taxonomic family Pectinidae.
The Mircea cel Bătrân Naval Academy (Romanian: Academia Navală "Mircea cel Bătrân") is a higher education institution based in the Black Sea port of Constanța that educates future officers for the Romanian Naval Forces, as well as maritime officers and engineers for the merchant marine.
Victoria Fleetwood (born April 13, 1990) is a female rugby union player.
The 2008 Sprint Gas V8 Supercars Manufacturers Challenge was the third meeting of the 2008 V8 Supercar season.
Sergio Ciani (7 September 1935 – 5 September 2015), best known as Alan Steel, was an Italian bodybuilder and actor.
Kaarlo Castrén (28 February 1860 Pello – 19 November 1938) was a Finnish politician and Prime Minister of Finland.
Salva congruitate is a Latin scholastic term in logic, which means "without becoming ill-formed", salva meaning rescue, salvation, welfare and congruitate meaning combine, coincide, agree.
George Bouverie Goddard ( born 25th of December 1832 in Salisbury – d.
Marvin Dwight Harvey (born 1959-10-17 in Donalsonville, Georgia) is a former American football tight end in the National Football League.
Alfred James Shaughnessy (19 May 1916 – 2 November 2005), sometimes known as "Freddy Shaughnessy", was an English scriptwriter and producer best known for being the script editor of Upstairs, Downstairs.
Conservula malagasa is a moth of the Noctuidae family.
Metaphysical nihilism is the philosophical theory that there might have been no objects at all—that is, that there is a possible world in which there are no objects at all; or at least that there might have been no concrete objects at all, so that even if every possible world contains some objects, there is at least one that contains only abstract objects.
Honnywill Peak (80°31′S 29°8′W) is a rock peak, 1,220 metres (4,000 ft) high, immediately southeast of Williams Ridge on the west side of Stratton Glacier in the Shackleton Range of Antarctica.
Risoba becki is a species of moth of the Nolidae family.
Khan (Urdu, Balochi, Pashto: خان) is a surname and title of Central Asian or Mongolian origin.
Ruggero John Aldisert (November 10, 1919 – December 28, 2014) was a United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
Minas is a department located in the north of Neuquén Province, Argentina.
Mats Johan Olausson (1961 – 18 February 2015) was a Swedish keyboard player known from bands such as Yngwie Malmsteen, Ark, Evil Masquerade, Kamelot, John Norum, and many others.
The 1976 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships was a men's tennis tournament that was part of the Grand Prix.
The National Association of Biology Teachers (NABT) is an American-based scholarly society.
Torgau is a town on the banks of the Elbe in northwestern Saxony, Germany.
Walter Gary "Rip" Coleman (July 31, 1931 – May 14, 2004) was an American professional baseball player, a left-handed pitcher who played from 1955 to 1957 and 1959 to 1960 for the New York Yankees, Kansas City Athletics and Baltimore Orioles of Major League Baseball.
The article presents the discography of American folk music singer-songwriter Tracy Chapman.
Heytesbury Pty.
Peter van der Vlag (born December 5, 1977 in Leeuwarden) is a Dutch footballer currently playing for FC Groningen in the Dutch Eredivisie.
Intenso Project is a band featuring Ben Ofoedu, DJ Rods, and Leigh Guest (from Double Trouble).
Desert Demolition Starring Road Runner and Wile E. Coyote is a video game for the Sega Sega Mega Drive/Genesis.
Vitis mengziensis is a species of plant in the grape family.
The One McKinley Place is a high-end residential condominium located across Pacific Plaza Towers in Bonifacio Global City, Philippines.
The Panther TT Entrant was a British motorcycle made in 1924 by Phelon & Moore and was the first to carry the name "Panther".
The erythropoietin receptor (EpoR) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the EPOR gene.
USS Hermitage (AP-54) was a troop transport that served with the US Navy during World War II.
Ernst Ludwig Heim (July 22, 1747 – September 15, 1834) was a German physician born in Solz, Thuringia.
Korean paper or hanji (Korean: 한지) is the name of traditional handmade paper from Korea.
Jeremy C. Sivits (born 21 January 1979) is a former U.S. Army reservist, one of several soldiers charged and convicted by the U.S. Army in connection with the 2003-2004 Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse scandal in Baghdad, Iraq during and after the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
Adam Peltzman is an American writer, actor, and producer.
Sporomusa ovata is a species of bacteria with characteristic banana-shaped cells.
The 2003 South Pacific Games were held in Suva, Fiji from 28 June to 12 July 2003.
Homer is a 1970 Canadian-American drama film directed by John Trent and starring Don Scardino, Tisa Farrow and Alex Nicol.
Domat/Ems is a railway station in Ems, Switzerland.
Transnational crimes are crimes that have actual or potential effect across national borders and crimes which are intra-State but which offend fundamental values of the international community.
Lanceola is a genus of green algae, in the family Characiaceae.
Jane Davy or Jane Kerr or Jane Apreece (5 February, 1780 – 8 May, 1855) was an heiress and socialite who having lost a rich husband married Sir Humphry Davy.
Walter Fermín González Núñez (born 18 November 1952), has been a general authority of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) since 2001.
René Sporleder (born 30 November 1969) is a German judoka.
Armin Josef Julius Kellersberger (18 December 1838 - 28 July 1905) was a Swiss politician and President of the Swiss Council of States (1890/1891).
A number of writers have claimed that the United States Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) is or has been involved in drug trafficking.
The 1959 Navy Midshipmen football team represented the United States Naval Academy (USNA) during the 1959 NCAA Division I-A football season.
Herbert Chapman (19 January 1878 – 6 January 1934) was an English association football player and manager.
Hale's Location is a township in Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States.
The Great Recoinage of 1696 was an attempt by the English Government under King William III to replace the hammered silver that made up most of the coinage in circulation, much of it being clipped and badly worn.
Chenxiang Huaqi Wan (simplified Chinese: 沉香化气丸; traditional Chinese: 沉香化氣丸) is a greyish-brown to yellowish-brown pill used in Traditional Chinese medicine to "regulate the flow of qi in the liver and the stomach, and to remove the retention of undigested food".
Precaffrocrambus is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
Zlatina Deliradeva is a Bulgarian choral conductor.
HackerOne is a vulnerability disclosure company based in San Francisco, California, which established a bug bounty platform that connects businesses with security researches.
A soto uke is a karate blocking technique used for blocking mid-level incoming attacks.
Grevillea didymobotrya is a shrub in the family Proteaceae.
Henry Cowles (April 24, 1803 – September 7, 1881) was an American theological scholar.
Libran N. Cabactulan (born February 20, 1950) is a Filipino career diplomat, currently serving as the Ambassador and Permanent Representative of the Philippines to the United Nations, replacing former Ambassador and retired Chief Justice Hilario Davide, Jr. since 2010.
Sarhang (Persian: سرهنگ‎) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.
The Sir Thomas Dewar Cup, more commonly known as the Dewar Cup, was the trophy awarded to the winner of the National Challenge Cup/Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup competition.
Gary Goddard (born July 18, 1954) is the founder and CEO of The Goddard Group, an entertainment design firm based in North Hollywood, California.
Charles Unwin (b.
The Bayport Container Terminal, or simply the Bayport Terminal, is a major deep water port in the Greater Houston area in Texas (United States).
The Venerable Ian Thomas Stanes  was an eminent priest in the second half of the 20th century.
Jarvikia is a genus of prehistoric lungfish which lived during the Devonian period.
Clarence Major (born 1936) is an American poet, painter, and novelist; winner of the "2015 LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENT AWARD IN THE FINE ARTS," presented by The Congressional Black Caucus Foundation.
Louis of Anhalt-Pless (16 July 1783 in Pless – 5 November 1841 in Pless), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Pless.
The Lion and the Jewel is a play by Nigerian writer Wole Soyinka that was first performed in 1959.
Ryo Matsuda (松田 凌, Matsuda Ryō, born September 13, 1991, in Amagasaki, Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan) is a Japanese actor who is represented by the talent agency, Cast Corporation.
Mark Ettinger is an American singer, songwriter, conductor, multi-instrumentalist, and juggler from New York City.
Percival Arland "Percy" Ussher (1899–1980) was an Anglo-Irish academic, essayist and translator.
Ernestas Šetkus (born 25 May 1985 in Tauragė) is a Lithuanian football goalkeeper who currently plays for Kerkyra in the Superleague Greece.
Thimar is an album by Tunisian oud player Anouar Brahem recorded in 1997 and released on the ECM label.
Independent School District 2142 (ISD 2142) is a school district consisting of five schools in Saint Louis County, Minnesota.
The Jezebel Nymph (Mynes geoffroyi) is a medium-sized butterfly of the family Nymphalidae found in Australia.
This is a list of electoral results for the Electoral district of Bass in Victorian state elections.
Paluxy is an unincorporated community in Hood County, Texas, United States.
Funky 4 + 1 was an American hip hop group from The Bronx, New York.
Muzaće is a village in the municipality of Blace, Serbia.
Vakhtang Ionovich Koridze (Russian: Вахтанг Ионович Коридзе) (born 24 December 1949 in Batumi) is a retired Soviet football player.
Mutia is a fifth class municipality in the province of Zamboanga del Norte, Philippines.
Erling Kristvik (30 August 1882 – 9 January 1969) was a Norwegian educationalist.
The Iranian Imperial Guard was both the personal guard force of the Shahs of Iran and an elite combat branch of the Imperial Iranian Army.
Herman William Quinton (Red Cliff, Newfoundland, 28 October 1896 – 2 April 1952) was a Canadian politician.
Lobbying in South Australia is a growing activity, by which organizations or individuals attempt to influence the Government of South Australia in its policy, regulation and law-making.
Strontium Dog is a long-running comics series featuring in the British science fiction weekly 2000 AD, starring Johnny Alpha, a mutant bounty hunter with an array of imaginative gadgets and weapons.
Petricolaria is a genus of saltwater clams, marine bivalve mollusks in the family Petricolidae, which is related to the large family Veneridae, the Venus clams.
The Dapu incident was an eminent domain case in the village of Dapu (大埔), Zhunan, Miaoli, Taiwan (ROC).
Goddess of the Market: Ayn Rand and the American Right is a 2009 biography of Ayn Rand by historian Jennifer Burns.
Cat eye syndrome (CES), or Schmid–Fraccaro syndrome, is a rare condition caused by the short arm (p) and a small section of the long arm (q) of human Chromosome 22 being present three (trisomic) or four times (tetrasomic)(usually 3 times) instead of the usual two times.
Ricardo Antonio Mohamed Matijevich (born 2 April 1970) is a former Argentine footballer and current manager of C.F. Monterrey.
Funambulus is a genus of rodents in the Sciuridae (squirrel) family.
Mekong Aviation Joint Stock Company (Vietnamese: Công ty Cổ phần Hàng không Mê Kông), doing business as Air Mekong, was an airline from Vietnam which operated scheduled passenger flights from its base at Phu Quoc Airport and secondary hubs at Noi Bai International Airport and Tan Son Nhat International Airport.
The Moche Rip Curl Pro Portugal 2014 is an event of the Association of Surfing Professionals for 2014 ASP World Tour.
Denise Miller (born July 17, 1963) is an American actress.
Fergus Stewart McArthur, AM (born 27 October 1937), Australian politician, was a Liberal Party of Australia member of the Australian House of Representatives from February 1984, representing the Division of Corangamite, Victoria until his defeat in the 2007 election by Labor's Darren Cheeseman.
An Azadodecaborane is a icosahedral cluster composed of boron, nitrogen and hydrogen atoms.
The 3rd Battalion, 29th Field Artillery is a unit of the 3rd Brigade Combat Team (3rd BCT) of the 4th Infantry Division, United States Army.
The Studebaker Speedster was an automobile produced by the Studebaker Corporation of South Bend, Indiana during the 1955 model year.
Jason Dean Hall (born 1972) is an American screenwriter and former actor.
Hezbollah social services are social development programs, hospitals, news services, and educational facilities organized by the Lebanese paramilitary group, Hezbollah.
The Broadcasting House (in Norwegian, Kringkastingshuset), also known as the Radio House (Radiohuset) or the White House (Det hvite hus), is the oldest building of the NRK headquarters at Marienlyst, Oslo.
St Nicholas's Church in Fisherton Delamere, Wiltshire, England was built in the 14th century.
The Riemer See lake, also known as sea in Riemer Park, was a part of the Bundesgartenschau 2005, and an artificial lake east of Munich, Bavaria, Germany.
Cloudera Impala is Cloudera's open source massively parallel processing (MPP) SQL query engine for data stored in a computer cluster running Apache Hadoop.
Yahudi Ki Ladki (The Jew's Daughter) is a historical Urdu play by Agha Hashar Kashmiri, on the theme of persecution of Jews by the Romans.
Donington School F.C. was an English football club, based in Donington, Lincolnshire.
Mustafa Hajrulahović Talijan (22 January 1957, Banja Luka, Bosnia - 8 March 1998, Hamburg, Germany) was a general of the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Savoi Verem is a census village in Ponda taluk, North Goa district in the state of Goa, India.
Sadpur (Bengali: সাদপুর) is a census town in North 24 Parganas district in the Indian state of West Bengal.
Josephus (Sepp) Koster (born 17 September 1974 in Heemskerk) is a former Dutch racing driver.
The Hartwell B. Hyde House, also known as Solitude, is a property in Triune, Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1988.
Petilla de Aragón is a town and municipality of the autonomous community of Navarra, northern Spain.
Fish Creek was a railway station on the South Gippsland line in South Gippsland, Victoria.
Alexius Slav (Bulgarian: Алексий Слав, Greek: Ἀλέξιος Σθλαῦος) was a Bulgarian noble (болярин, bolyarin) of the 12th and 13th century and a descendant of the Asen dynasty, a nephew of the first three Asen brothers.
Peta /ˈpɛ.
Always Outnumbered is a television film based on the novel Always Outnumbered, Always Outgunned by author Walter Mosley.
Netechma graphitaspis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.
Drakkars in the Mist is the third album by the musical project Folkearth.
Dussiella is a genus of fungi within the Clavicipitaceae family.
Joseph Ewing McDonald (August 29, 1819 – June 21, 1891) was a United States Representative and Senator from Indiana.
Parisienne is a perfume for women produced by French Fashion house Yves Saint Laurent.
Cymothoe harmilla is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family.
The Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency (PPPRA) is an agency of the government of Nigeria established in 2003 to, among other responsibilities, monitor and regulate the supply and distribution, and determine the prices of petroleum products in Nigeria.
Kachurwahi is a Gram panchayat village in Ramtek Tehsil in Nagpur district, India.
Ales Furch (born December 24, 1997) is a Czech professional ice hockey player.
Sandra Mariner (born May 13, 1974) is an Austrian luger who has competed since 1986.
P v P [1957] NZLR 854 is an often cited case regarding promissory estoppel as far as meeting the rights are suspended and not terminated, one of the seven requirements in order for this to apply.
The Newport News Public Library, now known as the West Avenue Library in the Newport News Public Library System, was opened on October 14, 1929 at the corner of West Avenue and 30th Street in the City of Newport News, Virginia.
Don Laz (Donald Robert Laz; May 17, 1929 – February 21, 1996) was an American athlete who competed mainly in the pole vault.
Aravatagi is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka, India.
Saint-Pierre-de-Coutances is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Matthias Weckmann (Weckman) (probably 1616–24 February 1674) was a German musician and composer of the Baroque period.
Alexei "Alex" Severinsky is a Soviet emigre living in the United States.
Weliganwala is a village in Sri Lanka.
Reptile Gardens is an animal park located south of Rapid City, South Dakota on the road to Mount Rushmore National Memorial.
The FAI Cup 1930–31 was the tenth edition of Ireland's premier cup competition, The Football Association of Ireland Challenge Cup or FAI Cup.
The 2015 Wrestling World Cup - Men's Greco-Roman was the first of a set of three FILA Wrestling World Cups in 2015.
William Robert Whatton FRS, FSA (17 February 1790, Loughborough – 5 December 1835, Portland Place) was a British surgeon and antiquarian.
Indian War Whoop is the third studio album by the psychedelic folk duo The Holy Modal Rounders, released in 1967 through ESP-Disk.
Generation is the second album of the Anarchic System released in 1975.
The Oklahoma City sonic boom tests, also known as Operation Bongo II, refer to a controversial experiment in which 1,253 sonic booms were carried out over Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, over a period of six months in 1964.
The Daily News – Antelope Valley is the Palmdale, California area's second largest circulating daily newspaper.
Alex Jeffries (born 27 April 1995 in Newport, Wales) is a Welsh rugby union player who plays prop.
Nakor Bueno Gómez (born 4 March 1978), known simply as Nakor, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Andorran club FC Ordino as a forward.
Dubichour is located in Resunga Municipality inside Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of central Nepal.
The IV Bomber Command is an inactive United States Army Air Forces unit.
Genouilly is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
The Lithgow State Mine Heritage Park & Railway is an Australian mining museum, located in the Central Tablelands city of Lithgow, New South Wales.
The Amazing Race 1 (originally broadcast under the name The Amazing Race) is the first season of the American reality television series The Amazing Race.
In image processing, normalization is a process that changes the range of pixel intensity values.
Vita Silchenko (born 19 February 1967) is a Belarusian fencer.
End of the Century is the fifth studio album by the American punk rock band the Ramones, released on February 4, 1980, through Sire Records.
Gauss Glacier (77°58′S 163°44′E) is a steep glacier on the north side of Datum Peak, descending west from the southwestern extremity of Hobbs Ridge into Blue Glacier, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.
Whiff is a common name for various species of flatfish.
Fixing America is a 2012 American documentary film written by Steve Laffey and produced with Stephen Skoly.
"Fingertips" is a 1963 number one hit single recorded live by "Little" Stevie Wonder for Motown's Tamla label.
The emblem of the Commonwealth of Independent States (Russian: Флаг Содружества Независимых Государств) depicts a yellow sun on a dark blue field, with eight bending poles holding the sun.
Rob Kwiet (born August 2, 1988) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently with the Greenville Swamp Rabbits of the ECHL.
Altair (Alpha Aquilae) is a luminous white star in the constellation Aquila (the Eagle) frequently featured in works of science fiction.
Ebrietas is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae found in the Neotropical ecoczone.
Carboxypeptidase Taq (EC 3.
Suri Vidyasagar College, established in 1942, is a government affiliated college located at Suri in the Birbhum district of West Bengal.
Sandbach is a civil parish in Cheshire East, England.
Schiacallia tristis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Schiacallia.
"Dragonfly" is a song written by British rock musician Danny Kirwan with lyrics taken from a poem by Welsh poet W. H. Davies.
Eugene Francis Vincent Kusielewicz (October 12, 1930 - December 10, 1996) was an American historian, author, educator, and a leading spokesperson on Polish and Polish-American affairs in the United States.
Rhamnus californica, now reclassified as Frangula californica, and commonly known as California coffeeberry, coffeeberry, and California buckthorn, is a species of flowering plant in the family Rhamnaceae, the buckthorns.
Castillo Serrallés (English: Serralles Castle) is a mansion located in the city of Ponce, Puerto Rico, overlooking the downtown area (Ponce Pueblo).
The 2014 Tashkent Challenger was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts.
Marcantonio Barbaro (1518–1595) was an Italian diplomat of the Republic of Venice.
The Melka Wakena Power Station is a hydroelectric power plant of the Wabe Shebelle River in Ethiopia.
Chinna Chinna Kannile is a 2000 Tamil thriller film directed by Ameerjan.
The Scottish Daily Newspaper Society (SDNS) is the trade body representing the major newspaper publishers of Scotland.
Heinz König (25 December 1927 – 21 November 2002) was a German researcher, economist and former professor for Economy and Econometrics at the University of Mannheim from 1962 to 1996.
Byrsia is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
This is a list of past and present Cardiff Blues players who have been capped by their country whilst at the club.
Tagür footwear is a company that allows the consumer to become the producer.
Mister Pizza (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈmiʃteʁ ˈpitsɐ]) is one of the largest chains of pizzerias in Brazil.
The Izu-Ogasawara Trench (伊豆・小笠原海溝, Izu-Ogasawara Kaikō), also known as Izu-Bonin Trench, is an oceanic trench in the western Pacific Ocean, consisting of the Izu Trench (at the north) and the Bonin Trench (at the south, west of the Ogasawara Plateau).
The Széchenyi Prize (Hungarian: Széchenyi-díj), named after István Széchenyi, is a prize given in Hungary by the state, replacing the former State Prize in 1990 in recognition of those who have made an outstanding contribution to academic life in Hungary.
Kroer Church is a "long church" (Norwegian: langkirke) dating from 1925 in the Deanery of Søndre Follo in Ås, Akershus County, Norway.
Time-based pricing is a pricing strategy where the provider of a service or supplier of a commodity, may vary the price depending on the time-of-day when the service is provided or the commodity is delivered.
Jafriz (Persian: جفريز‎, also Romanized as Jafrīz) is a village in Gughar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Alfred Molimard (October 29, 1888 in Serres, Hautes-Alpes; January 25, 1943) was a draughts grandmaster from France.
Emotional competence refers to one's ability to express or release one's inner feelings (emotions).
James Jacob Lomas (born 1 March 1990) is a British Olivier Award-winning actor best known for his role as Billy Elliot in Billy Elliot the Musical.
Amy Helm (born December 3, 1970) is an American singer-songwriter and daughter of The Band drummer Levon Helm and singer Libby Titus.
Maghar is a town and a nagar panchayat in Sant Kabir Nagar district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Space Mutiny (also known as Mutiny in Space) is a 1988 South African science-fiction action film about a mutiny aboard the spaceship known as the Southern Sun.
Davok Ó Con Ceanainn, Lord of Uí Díarmata, fl.
Agios Dimitrianos (Greek: Άγιος Δημητριανός) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 12 km west of Pano Panagia.
Graham-Little syndrome is a cutaneous condition characterized by lichen planus-like skin lesions.
The men's long jump event at the 2002 African Championships in Athletics was held in Radès, Tunisia on August 7.
Pink vote refers to the voting rights of gays and lesbians.
The Spider is a 1945 American crime film noir directed by Robert D. Webb.
The Betts electrolytic process is an industrial process for purification of lead from bullion.
The Morona is a tributary to the Amazon River, and flows parallel to the Pastaza River and immediately to the west of it, and is the last stream of any importance on the northern side of the Amazon before reaching the Pongo de Manseriche.
The Fourth constituency for French residents overseas (quatrième circonscription des Français établis hors de France) is one of eleven constituencies each electing one representative of French citizens overseas to the French National Assembly.
Harlem Rocker (foaled April 25, 2005 in Ontario) is a Grade I winning Canadian thoroughbred racehorse.
Jack Bertrand Weinstein (born August 10, 1921) is a United States federal judge in the Eastern District of New York.
The Feinberg School of Medicine, located in the Streeterville neighborhood of Chicago, in the U.S. state of Illinois and situated near Lake Michigan and the Magnificent Mile, is one of Northwestern University's 12 schools and colleges.
Michael ("Mike") Keith McRae (born July 9, 1955 in Pembroke, North Carolina) is a retired long jumper from the United States, who represented his native country at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California.
Carterville High School is a public high school in Carterville, Illinois, United States.
Holy Childhood High is an all-girl Catholic school in Kingston, Jamaica.
Green Lake is a lake in Chisago City, Minnesota, United States.
Bobby Smith was an Irish soccer player during the 1940s.
Nathaniel Varney Massaquoi (1905–1962) was a Liberian educator and politician, from the Vai community.
Zakučac Hydroelectric Power Plant is a large power plant in Croatia that has four turbines with a nominal capacity of 122 MW each having a total capacity of 488 MW.
The Taxing and Spending Clause (which contains provisions known as the General Welfare Clause and the Uniformity Clause), Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, grants the federal government of the United States its power of taxation.
William Rees "Billy" Thomas (20 August 1903 – 1992) was a Wales international football player.
Suran (Persian: سوران‎, also Romanized as Sūrān) is a village in Karvan-e Sofla Rural District, Karvan District, Tiran and Karvan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.
The Viscounts were a British pop group from London.
Corrado Maria Daclon (born 1963) is an Italian scientist and journalist.
Gaby Hoffmann (née Hauke; born in Berlin, Germany) is primarily known as songwriter under the pseudonym Deaffy and manager for the heavy metal band Accept.
Belyayevo (Russian: Беля́ево) is a station on the Kaluzhsko-Rizhskaya Line of the Moscow Metro which was designed by V. Polikarpova, V. Klokov, and L. Popov and opened on 12 August 1974 as part of the southwest extension of the Kaluzhsky radius.
Frans Lebu Raya (born 18 May 1960 in Adonara, East Nusa Tenggara) is an Indonesian politician who is the 8th and current Governor of East Nusa Tenggara.
Henry John Roby (20 August 1830 – 2 January 1915), was an English classical scholar and writer on Roman law, and a Liberal Member of Parliament.
Kunaysah (Arabic: كنيسة‎, also spelled Knisa) is a village in northern Syria located northwest of Homs in the Homs Governorate.
9 Mill Street is a Georgian house in Nantwich, Cheshire, England.
HackWeiser is an underground hacking group and hacking magazine founded in 1999.
"God's Word" and "God's word" redirect here.
Roshan Perera (born 2 April 1976) is a Sri Lankan entrepreneur, business magnate, investor and philanthropist.
Miguel Ángel Suárez (July 5, 1939 – April 1, 2009) was a Puerto Rican soap opera and movie actor.
Rozwarzyn [rɔzˈvaʐɨn] (German: Kirchberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nakło nad Notecią, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The University Library of the TU Berlin and UdK is the central library of the Technical University of Berlin (TU Berlin) and the Berlin University of the Arts (UdK).
African Banking Corporation Zimbabwe is a bank based in Zimbabwe.
Heel-toe technique is a method of playing double strokes on the bass drum, hi-hat, or other pedals.
The Oriental Fruit Moth or Peach Moth (Grapholita molesta) is a moth of the Tortricidae family.
Candlemass is the eighth studio album by Swedish doom metal band Candlemass released in 2005.
Granulomatous prostatitis is an uncommon disease of the prostate, an exocrine gland of the male reproductive system.
Christina Chanée (born 6 January 1979, Christina Ratchanée Birch Wongskul) is a Danish-Thai pop singer who won the Dansk Melodi Grand Prix 2010 with Tomas N'evergreen, with the song "In a Moment Like This".
Ponderosa Pine is a census-designated place (CDP) in Bernalillo County, New Mexico, United States.
Shahmar Alakbarov — He was born on August 23, 1943 in Ganja, Azerbaijan, Soviet Union.
Mouhous is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
The Kentani dwarf chameleon (Bradypodion kentanicum) occurs in coastal area of the Eastern Cape, South Africa.
The Marion County Herald is a weekly community newspaper in Jefferson, Texas.
Extraterrestrial liquid water (from the Latin words: extra ["outside of, beyond"] and terrestris ["of or belonging to Earth"]) is water in its liquid state that is found beyond Earth.
The CalArts Center for New Performance is the professional producing arm of the California Institute of the Arts.
The 1967–68 Detroit Red Wings season was the Red Wings' forty-second season of competition.
The Bacchini are a tribe of hoverflies.
Bleiddwn (from the Welsh blaidd, "Wolf") appears in the fourth of the Four Branches of the Mabinogi and is one of the three sons of Gwydion and Gilfaethwy.
Vanitrochus semiustus is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.
Consecration is a Serbian rock band from Belgrade.
Rifalazil (also known as KRM-1648 and AMI-1648) is an antibiotic.
Parparuiyeh (Persian: پارپاروئيه‎, also Romanized as Pārpārū’īyeh) is a village in Rezvan Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Michael C. "Mike" Stone (born January 9, 1970) is an American businessman and political figure from Sanford, North Carolina.
Kiertyny Wielkie [kʲɛrˈtɨnɨ ˈvʲɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.
Mangrol is a town which is a part of Junagadh district in the state of Gujarat, India.
Wepener is a village in the Free State, South Africa, located near the border with Lesotho.
The National Football League playoffs for the 1999 season began on January 8, 2000.
Arthur Robert Hinks, CBE, FRS (26 May 1873 – 14 April 1945) was a British astronomer and geographer.
Luther Rice (1783–1836), was a Baptist minister who, after a thwarted mission to India, returned to America where he spent the remainder of his career raising funds for missions and advocating for the formation of a unified Baptist missionary-sending body, which culminated in establishment of the Southern Baptist Convention.
The Relations between Malaysia and Palestine are strong brotherly relations.
Den ofrivillige golfaren, also known in English as The Accidental Golfer and The Involuntary Golfer, is a 1991 Swedish comedy film and the fourth installment of the popular Sällskapsresan series directed by Lasse Åberg.
The Walker-Ewing Log House in Collier Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, was built circa 1790.
The 8th Austin Film Critics Association Awards, honoring the best in filmmaking for 2012, were announced on December 18, 2012.
John Frederick Gosling (19 February 1833 – 16 October 1882) was an English cricketer.
Path of Fire is the third studio album by the Swedish band Aeon.
A partial lunar eclipse will take place on September 18, 2024.
Alberto Ramento, Obispo Maximo IX (1937 – October 3, 2006 in Tarlac City) was the ninth Supreme Bishop and Chairperson of the Supreme Council of Bishops of the Iglesia Filipina Independiente (IFI).
The Museum of the Revolution is a museum located in Algeria.
Baramulla Lok Sabha constituency is one of the six Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Jammu and Kashmir state in northern India.
Wartenberg is a mountain in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Frederick C. "Tricky" Nichols (July 26, 1850 – August 22, 1897) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball for six seasons from 1875 to 1882.
Tank is a two-player arcade game by Atari Inc. subsidiary Kee Games, originally released on November 5, 1974 and designed by Steve Bristow and Lyle Rains.
Elaphidion cristalensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Ospedaletto D'Alpinolo is a town and comune in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
Victor Lar is a Nigerian politician who was elected Senator for the Plateau South constituency of Plateau State, Nigeria in the April 2011 national elections.
Dendrocnide meyeniana is a species of tree in the Urticaceae family, native to the thickets and secondary forests of Taiwan and the Philippines.
Dionysius Wakering (born 1617) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1654 to 1656.
Sir William Scott, Lord Clerkington (died 1656) was a Scottish politician and judge.
Meyenburg is an Amt ("municipal federation") in the district of Prignitz, in Brandenburg, Germany.
Château Sentout is a castle in Tabanac, in the department of Gironde in southwestern France.
James Bernard MacKinnon, commonly cited as J.B. MacKinnon, is a Canadian independent journalist, contributing editor and book author.
Henry IV (13 December 1553 – 14 May 1610), Henri-Quatre (French pronunciation: ​[ɑ̃ʁiˈkatʁ]), also known by the epithet "Good King Henry", was King of Navarre (as Henry III) from 1572 to 1610 and King of France from 1589 to 1610.
The Library Quarterly is a quarterly double-blind peer-reviewed academic journal covering library science, including historical, sociological, statistical, bibliographical, managerial, psychological, and educational aspects of the field.
This local electoral calendar for 2015 lists the subnational elections scheduled to take place in 2015 in de jure and de facto sovereign states.
Wilbur Dawbarn is a British comics artist and cartoonist based in High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire.
Workin' It Back was the ninth album by R&B/Soul crooner Teddy Pendergrass.
Bowcreek Township is a township in Sheridan County, Kansas, United States.
S. Paramasivam was an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu.
The pebibit is a multiple of the bit, a unit of digital information storage, prefixed by the standards-based multiplier pebi (symbol Pi), a binary prefix meaning 250.
College Street Historic District is a national historic district located at Clinton, Sampson County, North Carolina.
Altinicline (SIB-1508Y, SIB-1765F) is a drug which acts as an agonist at neural nicotinic acetylcholine receptors with high selectivity for the α4β2 subtype.
Antigius attilia is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family.
The Advertising Archives is a picture library and museum with an archive of one million British and American press ads, TV stills, magazine covers, catalogues, greetings cards, posters, illustrations and cultural ephemera dating from 1850 to the present day.
New Dimensions 1 is an anthology of original science fiction stories edited by Robert Silverberg, published in hardcover by Doubleday Books in 1971 and reprinted in paperback by Avon Books in 1973.
Dicentrarchus is a genus of temperate basses native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea.
Civil Lines is a number of residential areas built during the British Raj, present in several towns and cities of Indian Subcontinent.
Boris Nikolayevich Lisanevich, a.
Madeleine Milhaud (22 March 1902 – 17 January 2008) was a French actress and librettist.
Carter (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 4 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1793 to 1795.
12P/Pons–Brooks is a periodic comet with an orbital period of 71 years.
In electronics, a common-source amplifier is one of three basic single-stage field-effect transistor (FET) amplifier topologies, typically used as a voltage or transconductance amplifier.
Puncak Jaya (pronounced [ˈpuntʃaʔ ˈdʒaja]) or Carstensz Pyramid (4,884 m) is the highest summit of Mount Carstensz /ˈkɑrstəns/ in the Sudirman Range of the western central highlands of Papua Province, Indonesia (within Puncak Jaya Regency).
Alfred Herbert Ernest Osborne, formerly known as Basil Osborne (born 12 April 1938), is a former Orthodox Christian bishop.
The stride scheduling is a type of scheduling mechanism that has been introduced as a simple concept to achieve proportional CPU capacity reservation among concurrent processes.
Gostilje is a village in the municipality of Čajetina, western Serbia.
Thiou of Morigny (Latin: Teulfus Mauriniacensis) was a 12th-century French chronicler.
A powder snow avalanche is a type of avalanche where the snow grains are largely or wholly suspended by fluid turbulence.
The Cybils Awards, or Children's and Young Adult Bloggers' Literary Awards, are a set of annual book awards given by people who blog about children's and young-adult books.
The Eugene J. Carpenter House is a Georgian Revival-style house located in Loring Hills, the mansion district in turn-of-the-century Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States.
The Cuban Sphinx (Eupyrrhoglossum sagra) is a moth of the Sphingidae family.
Sarita Perez de Tagle (born October 29, 1986 in Manila, Philippines) is a Filipina cinema and television actress.
Robert James Buckland QC (born 22 September 1968) is a British barrister and Conservative Party politician.
3rd Degree is an American game show that aired in syndication from September 11, 1989 to June 8, 1990 (with repeats airing until September 7).
GE Capital Interbanca is an Italian merchant bank that specializes in lending and financing transactions for medium-sized firms.
Red Cargo rice is a type of non-glutinous long grain rice, similar to brown rice, in that it is unpolished rice, only the color of the bran is red, purple or maroon.
Hierodoris electrica is a moth of the Oecophoridae family.
Johann Georg Gmelin (8 August 1709 – 20 May 1755) was a German naturalist, botanist and geographer.
Brzozówka Folwarczna [bʐɔˈzufka fɔlˈvart͡ʂna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasionówka, within Mońki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
Dedication of the Great Buddha (大仏開眼, Daibutsu kaigen) is a 1952 Japanese film directed by Teinosuke Kinugasa.
The Second Encirclement Campaign against the Honghu Soviet was a series of battles launched by the Chinese Nationalist Government that was intended to destroy communist Honghu Soviet and its Chinese Red Army in the local region.
Jauni is a village in Mustjala Parish, Saare County in western Estonia.
Heiligendamm (German pronunciation: [ˈhaɪlɪɡəndam]) is a German seaside resort, founded in 1793.
The Hanover Township Public Schools is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through eighth grade from Hanover Township, in Morris County, New Jersey, United States.
Paul Solman (born 1944) is a journalist and an economist.
West District (Chinese: 西區; pinyin: Xi Qū) is a district in west Chiayi City, Taiwan.
Salagena albonotata is a moth in the Cossidae family.
Pierre Dupuy, CC (July 9, 1896 – May 21, 1969) was a Canadian diplomat.
The Korean Culture and Information Service (KOCIS) is a division of the South Korean government set up to encourage the spread of Korean culture overseas.
Rodney Lough Jr. (born 1960) is an American landscape photographer and gallery owner.
The 1973 European Baseball Championship was held in the Netherlands and was won by the Netherlands for the third time in a row.
Crime in Macau ranges from triad attacks, gang violence, money laundering, human trafficking, pickpocketing, petty theft, murder etc.
Mistborn: The Well of Ascension is the second novel in Brandon Sanderson's Mistborn trilogy.
Mount Tampomas is a small andesitic stratovolcano in West Java, Indonesia.
The Phó Đáy River (Vietnamese: Sông Phó Đáy) is a river in Vietnam.
Kristal Tin (Chinese: 田蕊妮, born 28 September 1977) is a Hong Kong TVB actress and singer.
Rokugō (六郷町, Rokugō-machi) was a town located in Senboku District, Akita Prefecture, Japan.
Mount Mulligan was a mining town in northern Queensland, Australia, the site of Queensland's worst mining disaster.
The Opening Ceremony of the 2006 Commonwealth Games was held on 15 March 2006 at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
Glande (baptized as Richard) was the leader of Sambians, one of the Prussian clans, during the Great Prussian Uprising (1260–1274) against the papal crusades undertaken by the Teutonic Knights.
Tropospheric Emission Spectrometer or TES is a satellite instrument designed to measure the state of the earth's troposphere.
His Hon.
2004–05 Hong Kong FA Cup was the 31st staging of the Hong Kong FA Cup.
Teenage Shutdown!
The title Lord Falconer of Halkerton was created in the peerage of Scotland on 20 December 1646, for Sir Alexander Falconer, Lord of Session, with remainder to his heirs-male whatsoever.
Al-Ittihad won the 1996–97 Saudi Premier League, their second championship, the last being won in 1982.
Rigour (BrE) or rigor (AmE) (see spelling differences) describes a condition of stiffness or strictness.
Mats Rits (born 18 July 1993) is a Belgian professional footballer, who currently plays for KV Mechelen.
Eudesmia arida, the Arid Eudesmia Moth, is a moth of the Arctiidae family.
The CALS Table Model is a standard for representing tables in SGML/XML.
Mani Madhaveeyam (മാണി മാധവീയം in Malayalam) is a biographical book written on the life of Guru Māni Mādhava Chākyār (1989-1991), who was the greatest Kutiyattam-Chakyar Koothu (2000-year-old Sanskrit drama tradition of Kerala, India) exponent and Rasa-abhinaya (classical Indian style of acting according to Natya Shastra) maestro of modern times.
Felona e Sorona is an album by the Italian progressive rock band Le Orme.
Anthony Tillmon "Tony" Williams (December 12, 1945 – February 23, 1997) was an American jazz drummer.
Kaseb Mahalleh (Persian: كاسب محله‎, also Romanized as Kāseb Maḩalleh) is a village in northern Iran.
Calvi Risorta (literally meaning Calvi risen again) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region Campania, located across the Via Casilina about 40 kilometres (25 mi) northwest of Naples and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) northwest of Caserta.
I'm a Fire is the third studio album by American country music artist David Nail.
East End is a hamlet in the civil parish of East Boldre in the New Forest National Park of Hampshire, England.
Inner Sanctum is a 1948 American film noir directed by Lew Landers based on the Simon and Schuster book series of the same name and the Inner Sanctum Mystery radio series.
The Lively Kernel is an open source web programming environment.
The Alberta general election of 1935 was the eighth general election for the Province of Alberta, Canada.
The 2009–10 Indian Federation Cup was the 2009 season of Indian Federation Cup.
John MacNeile Price, FGS, FRGS was the Surveyor General of Hong Kong.
Medical restraints are physical restraints used during certain medical procedures.
Pochanos (fem.
The 1952 Segunda División Peruana, the second division of Peruvian football (soccer), was played by 10 teams.
Rangpur Zila School (Rangpur District School) is a school located in Rangpur District, Bangladesh.
Sarah Nnodim (born 25 December 1995) is a Nigerian footballer who plays for Nasarawa Amazons in the Nigerian Women's Championship.
Tshipise is a town in Vhembe District Municipality in the Limpopo province of South Africa.
Malleidae, or the hammer oysters, is a family of saltwater clams.
The Ministry of Shipping and Island Policy is a government department of Greece.
Uvularia is a genus of plants in the family Colchicaceae, close to the lily family (Liliaceae).
There are nine administrative districts in the city of Baghdad, the capital of Iraq, that correspond to the nine district advisory councils.
The Kyrgyzstan Futsal League, is the top league for Futsal in Kyrgyzstan.
Holokivah (Persian: هلكيوه‎, also Romanized as Holoḵīvah) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Anton Michailovič Milenin (Russian: Антон Миленин; Moscow, April 7, 1969) is a Russian theatre actor, director and teacher who has been working in Italy and Russia for more than ten years.
Albert "Al" Hazan (born 1934) is an American pop-rock recording artist, songwriter, and record producer.
Tönnes Björkman (25 March 1888 – 21 November 1959) was a Swedish sport shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
The Group Theatre (London, no connection with the New York company with the same name) was an experimental theatre company founded in 1932 by Rupert Doone and Robert Medley.
Fantasia Concertante on a Theme of Corelli, also known as the Corelli Fantasia, is a work for string orchestra by the British composer Michael Tippett.
Commander Geoffrey Basil Spicer-Simson DSO (15 January 1876 – 29 January 1947) was a Royal Navy officer.
Riverside Township is a township in Lac qui Parle County, Minnesota, United States.
Guide Plus+ (in Europe), TV Guide On Screen and Guide Plus+ Gold (in North America) or G-Guide (in Japan) are brand names for an interactive electronic program guide (EPG) system that is used in consumer electronics products, such as television sets, DVD recorders, personal video recorders, and other digital television devices.
The Puppini Sisters are an English close harmony vocal trio composed of Italian-born singer Marcella Puppini and English singers Kate Mullins and Emma Smith.
Bernhard Kagan (15 August 1866 – 27 November 1932, Berlin) was a German chess player, writer, publisher, editor, and organizer.
Paola Del Medico Felix (born October 5, 1950) is a Swiss singer.
Fundación Pro Vivienda Social (FPVS) is a non-profit organization created in 1992 by a group of businessmen concerned with values of community solidarity and social responsibility.
Roger Bingham is a science educator.
The Cayuga Lake AVA is an American Viticultural Area around Cayuga Lake in Upstate New York.
Shkolnaya Street (Russian: Школьная улица, Shkolnaya ulitsa) in Tagansky District of Moscow, Russia connects Dobrovolcheskaya Street in the west with Rogozhskaya Zastava Square in the east.
The bettongs are species of the genus Bettongia, sometimes referred to as rat-kangaroos.
Richard Buckman, (born 27 May 1989 in Palmerston North, New Zealand), is a New Zealand rugby union player who plays for the Highlanders in the Super Rugby competition.
The Glorious First of June, (known in France as Bataille du 13 prairial an 2 and sometimes called Third Battle of Ushant) of 1794 was the first and largest naval action between the French and British fleets during the French Revolutionary Wars.
Bibi Aisha (Pashto: بی بی عایشه‎; Bibi is a term of respect meaning "Lady"; born Aisha Mohammadzai, legal name in the United States: Aesha Mohammadzai) is an Afghan woman whose mutilated face appeared on the cover of Time magazine in summer 2010.
The Fajã do Pedregalo, is a permanent debris field, built from the collapsing cliffs on the northern coast of the civil parish of Rosais, in the municipality of Velas, island of São Jorge, in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.
William Warham (c.
Married to the Game is the twelfth studio album by American rapper Too Short.
Novo Leski is a village in Hadzhidimovo Municipality, in Blagoevgrad Province, Bulgaria.
Rafał Janicki (born July 5, 1992 in Szczecin) is a Polish footballer, who currently plays for Lechia Gdańsk in the Ekstraklasa.
1,1'-Bi-2-naphthol (BINOL) is an organic compound that is often used as a ligand for transition-metal catalysed asymmetric synthesis.
Future-Kill is a 1985 low-budget comedy science fiction-horror film about a group of frat boys who are hunted in a futuristic city by mutants.
William E. Jordan (September 10, 1883 – ?
Garfield Township is one of fourteen townships in Phelps County, Nebraska, United States.
Hita (日田郡, Hita-gun) was a district located in Ōita Prefecture, Japan.
Flaveria bidentis, the coastal plain yellowtops, is a South American plant species of yellowtops within the sunflower family.
Based on a surrealist musical Rebecca Moore wrote and directed in New York, this was her first album.
Oedopeza cryptica is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Jasper Cortenus Massee (November 1871–March 27, 1965) was a leading fundamentalist Baptist in the early 20th century.
Ardmore (Scottish Gaelic: An Àird Mhòr) is a village on the south shore of Dornoch Firth in Tain, Ross-shire, Highland and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.
Dar Sai is a fictional planet referenced in author Jack Vance's fourth "Demon Princes" novel, The Face.
Powell's Books is a chain of bookstores in Portland, Oregon, and its surrounding metropolitan area.
Svatava (German: Zwodau) is a market town and municipality in Sokolov District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
Miguel Espinoza is a Nicaraguan former cyclist.
Clyde Aubra Southwick (November 3, 1886 – October 14, 1961) was a catcher in Major League Baseball.
Detroit Auto Vehicle Company was a short-lived early automobile manufacturer established in the summer of 1904 with a capital stock of US$150,000.
Victory Day is an album by the Canadian rock band, Tom Cochrane & Red Rider, which was released in 1988 (see 1988 in music).
Moudon Castle is a castle in the municipality of Moudon of the Canton of Vaud in Switzerland.
The Rt Rev Philip Henry Loyd (8 July 1884 - 11 January 1952) was an eminent Anglican Bishop and author, in the second quarter of the 20th century.
Paragomphus cataractae is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.
Thomas Gibson "Tommy" Bowles (15 January 1841 – 12 January 1922) was the founder of the magazines The Lady and the English Vanity Fair, a sailor and the maternal grandfather of the Mitford sisters.
"Cracking Up" is a song by the Scottish alternative rock group The Jesus and Mary Chain and the first (new) single from the group's last album Munki.
Claude Hobday (b.
Kurt Streit (born 14 October 1959 in Itazuke, Japan) is an Austrian-American tenor who performs in operas.
Diary of a Psalmist is the fifth studio album by Marvin Sapp and his second on Verity Records.
James Brown and His Famous Flames Tour the U.S.A. is the sixth studio album by American musician James Brown and The Famous Flames.
Crazy is a 1994 album by Julio Iglesias.
A Guided Tour of Chicago is a punk rock album by the Chicago, Illinois band The Lawrence Arms, released in 1999 by Asian Man Records.
For other people with this name go to William Poteat (disambiguation).
"Easter Holidays" was composed by Samuel Taylor Coleridge in 1787.
France 3 Alsace is a regional television service and part of the France 3 network.
Ziga is a department or commune of Sanmatenga Province in central Burkina Faso.
The Bandar Botanik LRT station is designated to be an elevated rapid transit station in Bandar Botanic, Klang, Selangor, Malaysia, forming part of the LRT 3 or Bandar Utama - Klang LRT line.
Fremont Peak is in the San Francisco Peaks of northern Arizona.
Malpaís is a term used in the Southwestern United States, Mexico, and other Spanish-speaking regions for a rough and barren landscape that consists of relict and largely uneroded lava fields that exhibit recognizable lava flows, volcanic cones, and other volcanic landforms.
I'm Still in the Night is the third and first major label extended play from witch house Traverse City/Chicago based band, Salem.
El Cuilón, also known as Juan Rodrguez (born about 1680) was a leader of the Ervipiame leader during the 18th century, and at least by Spanish standards the overall leader of the Rancheria Grande, a collection of a large number of Native American tribes between the Brazos River and the Colorado River in what is today eastern Texas.
The Akita Shinkansen (秋田新幹線) is a Mini-shinkansen high-speed rail line in Japan.
Richard A. Tranter was an English professional association football player who played as an inside forward.
Prior to its uniform adoption of proportional representation in 1999, the United Kingdom used first-past-the-post for the European elections in England, Scotland and Wales.
Antonius von Thoma (1 March 1829 – 24 November 1897) was Bishop and later Archbishop of the Archdiocese of München und Freising from 1889 until his death in 1897.
Pinto or Santa Barbara de Pinto is a town and municipality of the Magdalena Department in northern Colombia.
Old Glory is an unincorporated community in Blount County, in the U.S. state of Tennessee.
The Herzliya Municipal Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Herzliya, Israel.
Pechatniki (Russian: Печатники) is a station of the Moscow Metro's Lyublinsko-Dmitrovskaya Line.
Moniliophthora roreri is a Basidiomycete fungus that causes frosty pod rot disease, one of the most serious problems for cacao (Theobroma cacao— the source of chocolate) production in Latin America.
Sir Abdullah Yusuf Ali, CBE, FRSL (/ɑːˈliː/; 14 April 1872 – 10 December 1953) was a British-Indian Islamic scholar who translated the Qur'an into English.
Uropterygius micropterus is a moray eel found in coral reefs in the Pacific and Indian Oceans.
Gawlamten is a village in Chipwi Township in Myitkyina District in the Kachin State of north-eastern Burma.
Dorf Clark Industries Limited (commonly Dorf) is a division of GWA International Ltd and is an Australian manufacturer of taps & accessories, stainless sinks and tubs & commercial products.
The Church of Saint-Nizier is a church in the Presqu'ile district of Lyon, France, in the 2nd arrondissement, between the Place des Terreaux and the Place des Jacobins.
Bulat Arslanovich Bachiyev (Russian: Булат Арсланович Бачиев; born August 19, 1991) is a Russian football midfielder who last played for FC Dagdizel Kaspiysk.
Elva Nampeyo (1926–1985) (also known as Elva Tewaguna) was an American studio potter.
Patterson railway station is located on the Frankston line in Victoria, Australia.
John William Crosbie Goold (born 27 June 1941) is a former Australian rules footballer who represented Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1960s.
Zerkhan Lat (Persian: زرخان لات‎, also Romanized as Zerkhān Lāt) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.
Eduard Herman Louis Boje (/ˌbɔɪˈjeɪ/ boy-YAY; born 16 April 1969) is a former South African cricketer.
Chilecomadia is a genus of moths in the Cossidae family.
Haruzo Hida (肥田 晴三 Hida Haruzo, born 6 August 1952, Sakai, Osaka) is a Japanese mathematician, known for his research in number theory, algebraic geometry, and modular forms.
Puszczykowo [puʂt͡ʂɨˈkɔvɔ] is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Krajeńskie, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.
Southmoreland is a neighborhood located in North Plaza, Kansas City, Missouri bordered by 39th Street on the north, Rockhill and Gillham Road on the east, Emanuel Cleaver II Boulevard on the south and Main Street on the west.
Botero Plaza, surrounded by the Museum of Antioquia and the Rafael Uribe Uribe Palace of Culture, is a 7,000 m2 outside park that displays 23 sculptures by Colombian artist Fernando Botero, who donated these and several other artworks for the museum's renovation in 2004.
Lido is the eighth studio album by British singer-songwriter Darren Hayman.
Epirrhoe tartuensis is a moth of the Geometridae family.
Doty is a ghost town in Boyd County, Nebraska, in the United States.
Camp Curtis, California State Historic Landmark #215, was located about one mile north of Arcata, California, and served as the headquarters and garrison of the 1st Battalion California Volunteer Mountaineers from 1862 to 1865.
La Jarosa reservoir (also known as the Jarosa swamp) is located in the Jarosa valley and it belongs to the municipality of Guadarrama, Madrid, Spain.
Donald Alexander Mackay (August 13, 1914 – December 17, 2005) was an American artist and illustrator.
Distinction is a principle under international humanitarian law governing the legal use of force in an armed conflict, whereby belligerents must distinguish between combatants and civilians.
Sir Herbert Richard Churton Wild GBE KCMG QC (20 September 1912 – 22 May 1978) was the ninth Chief Justice of New Zealand.
Katunayake (කටුනායක in Sinhala, கட்டுநாயக்க in Tamil), is a suburb of Negombo city in Western Province, Sri Lanka.
Clathrin-independent carriers (CLICs) are prevalent tubulovesicular membranes responsible for non-clathrin mediated endocytic events.
The 2013–14 Honduran Liga Nacional season was the 48th Honduran Liga Nacional edition, since its establishment in 1965.
Dag Hartelius (born 8 November 1955 in Härnösand) is a Swedish diplomat and the current Director-General of The National Defence Radio Establishment, assuming office 1 November, 2013.
St Mary's Church is the civic church of Bury St Edmunds and claims to be the third largest parish church in England.
Murmansk Governorate (Russian: Му́рманская губе́рния) was a short-lived administrative division (a guberniya) established by the White government on the Kola Peninsula in Russia.
Nishinokuchi Station (西ノ口駅, Nishinokuchi-eki) is a railway station operated by Meitetsu's Tokoname Line located in Tokoname, Aichi Prefecture, Japan.
Franky Zapata is the inventor of Flyboard and founder of Zapata Racing, based in Marseille, France.
Malolo Lailai Airport (IATA: PTF, ICAO: NFFO) is an airport on the Malolo Lailai island in the Fiji's Western Division.
The Independent Brewing Company of Pittsburgh (IBC) was a conglomerate of breweries, formed by the merger of fifteen Pittsburgh breweries in 1905.
Shanti priya is an actress of Indian film industry and has done Telugu, Tamil and Hindi language films in the 1990s.
Gorilla Grodd is a fictional supervillain appearing in DC Comics, primarily as an enemy of The Flash.
"The Wars to Come" is the first episode of the fifth season of HBO's fantasy television series Game of Thrones, and the 41st overall.
The mountain giant Sunda rat, Sundamys infraluteus (also known as the giant mountain rat or giant rat of Sumatra) is a large rat, around 480 to 640 millimeters (19 to 25 inches) in total length (230 to 290 millimeters [9-11.
Banzai Venus (バンザイVENUS) is the 5th single by Japanese girl group SKE48.
Mr. U.S. is a Big Bang Comics superhero who appeared in the Image Comics line, as its version of Captain America.
Tomás mac Gilbert Ó Cellaigh, Bishop of Clonfert, died 1378.
Acrolepiopsis nagaimo is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family.
Głuchowo [ɡwuˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czempiń, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Aryamala was a 1941 Tamil-language film starring P. U. Chinnappa, M. S. Sarojini, M. R. Santhanalakshmi and T. S. Balaiah in the lead roles.
John Edward McGilvrey (8 January 1867 – 3 October 1945) was an American academic who was the first president of what is now Kent State University.
Recurva is a genus of freshwater and free-living triclad platyhelminth that belongs to the Dugesiidae family.
Barnet London Borough Council in London, England is elected every four years.
Nørre Voldgade (lit.
Dianne I. Primavera (born January 28, 1950) is a legislator in the U.S. state of Colorado.
Ectrichodiinae is a subfamily of the reduviid (assassin bugs).
Radio activated guard (RAG) boxes are experimental pest control devices intended to deter wolves from preying on livestock.
Sri D. Subbaramaiah (1904-1986) was a renowned Carnatic vocalist from Karnataka.
Group 12, by modern IUPAC numbering, is a group of chemical elements in the periodic table.
MGM's 1939 musical fantasy film The Wizard of Oz was first shown in theatres that year, then re-released nationwide in 1949 and 1955.
Adrian Pulis (born 30 March 1979 in Malta) is a professional footballer currently playing for Gozo Football League First Division side Nadur Youngsters, where he plays as a defender.
Stuart Alderson (born August 15, 1948 in Bishop Auckland, England) is a former English footballer.
Pęchratka Polska [pɛ̃ˈxratka ˈpɔlska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szumowo, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
In the seven-layer OSI model of computer networking, the physical layer or layer 1 is the first (lowest) layer.
Stink is an EP by the band The Replacements, recorded at Blackberry Way, Minneapolis, Minnesota, on March 13, 1982, and released on June 24, 1982 (see 1982 in music).
Koromo may refer to: Koromo, a variety of koi Koromo, Mali Koromo, a former name of Toyota, Aichi Japanese word for clothing Koromo Amae, the name of a character from the Japanese manga/anime Saki.
Günther Förg (5 December 1952 – 5 December 2013) was a prominent German painter, graphic designer, sculptor and photographer.
Frederick Community College (FCC) is a community college in Frederick, Maryland.
Friedens is a census-designated place (CDP) that is part of Somerset Township in Somerset County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Wilhelm Schröter is a composer and pianist.
George Gordon (1829–1907) was a Scottish born engineer who was prominent in Melbourne in the late nineteenth century.
Networked Robotics Corporation is an American scientific automation company that designs and manufactures electronic devices that monitor environmental conditions via the internet.
Dominique Louis Antoine Klein (19 January 1761–2 November 1845) served in the French military during the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars as a general of cavalry.
Craugastor hobartsmithi is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.
Caylor is an unincorporated community in Lee County, Virginia, United States.
Hakodate Airport (函館空港, Hakodate Kūkō) (IATA: HKD, ICAO: RJCH), is an airport located 7.
The Piano Concerto No.
Warwick Court House and Police Complex is a heritage-listed courthouse at 88 Fitzroy Street, Warwick, Southern Downs Region, Queensland, Australia.
"Boom Boom Boomerang" was the Austrian representative in the Eurovision Song Contest 1977, performed in German (with some lyrics in English) by Schmetterlinge.
Ontwa Township is a civil township of Cass County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Petr Novosad (born 19 November 1975) is a Czech footballer (midfielder) playing currently for FC Vsetín.
The Bobbio Orosius (Milan, Biblioteca Ambrosiana MS D. 23.
The 1970 South African Open was a combined men's and women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at Ellis Park in Johannesburg, South Africa.
The Shyrokyne standoff (February–July 2015) was a battle for the control of the strategic village of Shyrokyne, located approximately 11km east of Mariupol city limits, between Ukrainian forces, led by the Azov Battalion, and Russian backed separatists.
Raymond Victor Steed (1 October 1928 – 26 April 1943) was the second youngest British services recruit to die during the Second World War.
Leicester Clarence Hemingway (April 1, 1915 in Oak Park, Illinois – September 13, 1982), was an American writer.
The Rosenwald Building is a historic building in downtown Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Astragalus monoensis is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common name Mono milkvetch.
Paul Pope (born September 25, 1970) is an American alternative comic book writer/artist.
Two Comrades Were Serving (Russian: Служили два товарища, translit.
Sulpicia Praetextata (/sʌlˈpɪʃə/) was an ancient Roman noblewoman who lived in the Roman Empire in the 1st century.
KRAJ (100.
In economic theory a frictionless market is a financial market without transaction costs.
The following table shows which themed 'lands' are present in each of the Walt Disney Parks and Resorts around the world.
Leo Tang Hsiang Chien, GBS, OBE, JP (born June 8, 1923, Shanghai) was a member of the Standing Committee of the 7–9th CPPCC National Committee.
Edwin G. Booz founded the consulting firm Booz Allen & Hamilton, the predecessor of both Booz Allen Hamilton - which focuses on government contracting - and the former Booz & Company, now known as Strategy&, a commercial management-consulting firm and component of PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Plasma speakers are a form of loudspeaker which varies air pressure via a high-energy electrical plasma instead of a solid diaphragm.
George Hodge (1878–1953) was a New Zealand cricketer who played one first-class match for the Wellington Firebirds in the 1907-08.
A cross-tube boiler was the most common form of small vertical boiler.
Bernardino da Polenta (died April 22, 1313) was lord of Cervia from 1297 until his death.
The Kičevo-Poreče dialect (Macedonian: Кичевско-поречки дијалект, Kičevsko-porečki dijalekt) is a member of the central subgroup of the western group of dialects of the Macedonian language.
C.T. Andersen (1835-1916) was a Danish architect.
Zhang Ping (simplified Chinese: 张平; traditional Chinese: 張平; pinyin: Zhāng Píng; born November 1953) is a Chinese novelist and politician who is Vice Governor of Shanxi.
"I Gotta Hold On U" is the title of a dance single by Grammy winning dance producer Maurice Joshua featuring Chantay Savage.
Mount Cramer, at 10,716 feet (3,266 m) is the second highest peak in the Sawtooth Range of Idaho.
"Aberdeen" is a song by American rock band Cage the Elephant.
Ausbruch (literal meaning: "break-out") or sometimes Ausbruchwein is an Austrian wine term for a quality level in the Prädikatswein category.
Krasilnikov or Krasil'nikov (Russian: Краси́льников or КРАСИЛЬНИКОВ, feminine form: Krasilnikova), from Krasil'nik, dyer - one who paints the yarn and fabric, is a Russian surname.
Haiyan (Chinese: 海宴; pinyin: Hǎiyàn) is a town under the jurisdiction of Taishan, in Guangdong Province of southern China.
Kevin Dean Wickander (born January 4, 1965 in Fort Dodge, Iowa) is an American former Major League Baseball player.
Robert Shapiro is a businessman.
WPG Resources Ltd (WPG, formerly Western Plains Resources Ltd) is a mineral resources company focusing on exploration, evaluation and development of gold and coal projects in South Australia.
Rīgas Balss, Ригас балсс was a tabloid newspaper published in Riga, Latvia, in Latvian and Russian languages.
Marc Frons (born April 2, 1956) is the SVP, Deputy Head of Technology and Global Head of Mobile Platform for News Corp.
Amydria apachella is a moth of the Acrolophidae family.
Cinnamon Skin (1982) is the twentieth novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald.
Vallejera de Riofrío is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain.
Azerbaijan–Russia relations (Russian: Российско-азербайджанские отношения or Азербайджано-российские отношения, Azerbaijani: Azərbaycan–Rusiya münasibətləri) defines the relationship between the two countries, the Republic of Azerbaijan and the Russian Federation.
The Schilthorn is a 2,970 metre high summit of the Bernese Alps in Switzerland.
Mei-Chi Shaw is a professor of mathematics at the University of Notre Dame.
Bernhard II Erich Freund, Duke of Saxe-Meiningen (17 December 1800, in Meiningen – 3 December 1882, in Meiningen) was a Duke of Saxe-Meiningen.
Maximilian Julius Leopold of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel, prince of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel and nominal duke of Brunswick and Lüneburg (12 October 1752, Wolfenbüttel - 27 April 1787, Frankfurt) was a Prussian general.
Shahany Lagoon (Ukrainian: Шагани, Romanian: Şagani, Turkish: Çagani Gölü) is a salty lagoon on the Black Sea coast of Ukraine in Tatarbunary Raion of Odessa Oblast.
Han Eun-jung (born July 10, 1980) is a South Korean actress.
Cocke County High School is a public high school located in Newport, Tennessee.
C/2012 K1 (PANSTARRS) is a retrograde Oort cloud comet discovered at magnitude 19.
Plants vs.
Viktor Nikolayevich Negreyev (Russian: Виктор Николаевич Негреев; born August 17, 1991) is a Russian professional football player who last played for FC Mashuk-KMV Pyatigorsk in the Russian Second Division.
Cái Bè is a river-land mixed town in Vietnam.
Acqui-hiring or Acq-hiring (a portmanteau of "acquisition" and "hiring") or a talent acquisition is the process of acquiring a company to recruit its employees, without necessarily showing an interest in its products and services—or their continued operation.
Thomas Winship (14 July 1890 – 1976), generally known as Tom or Tommy Winship, but also referred to as Wee Winship because of his small stature, was an English footballer who played as an outside left.
The Presta valve (also called Sclaverand valve or French valve) is a valve commonly found in high pressure road style and some mountain bicycle inner tubes.
Street cries are the short lyrical calls of merchants hawking their products and services in open-air markets.
Union of African Muslim Scholars (UAMS), Arabic: اتحاد علماء إفريقيا‎ is an organization of African Muslim scholars headed by Said Bourhane, founded in 2011, and headquartered in Mali.
The culture of Sussex refers to the pattern of human activity and symbolism associated with Sussex and its people.
Tripteridia dympna is a moth in the Geometridae family.
The DFB-Pokal 1973–74 was the 31st season of the competition.
The Muslim Philanthropy Digital Library (MPDL) is an online project by the American University in Cairo's John D. Gerhart Center for Philanthropy and Civic Engagement and the Center of Excellence for the Middle East and Arab Cultures, AUC Library) and Indiana University (The Center on Philanthropy), that makes all forms of information on philanthropy available through original documents, reports, graphics, waqf registrations, as well as scholarly analysis in Muslim- majority countries and communities worldwide.
Love.
Pembuang River is a river of Borneo, Indonesia.
Benton's Smoky Mountain Country Hams is a producer of cured meats in Madisonville, Tennessee, United States.
IC 434 is a bright emission nebula in the constellation Orion.
Casa Sanchez is a Mexican-style salsa and tortilla chip company based in San Francisco, California.
Zeyn ol Abedin (Persian: زين العابدين‎, also Romanized as Zeyn ol ‘Ābedīn) is a village in Neysan Rural District, Neysan District, Hoveyzeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
The 2003–04 season was the 106th season of competitive football played by Arsenal.
Nina Valentinova Abramova (later Zvereva, Russian: Нина Валентиновна Абрамова (Зверева), born 2 February 1949) is a retired Russian rower who won six European titles and two silver medals at the world championships between 1968 and 1977.
Hingede öö (English: All Souls' Night or Night of Souls) is a novel by the Estonian author Karl Ristikivi.
John Kavanagh may refer to: John Kavanagh (actor), Irish actor John Kavanagh (bishop) (1913–1985), Catholic Bishop of Dunedin, 1949-1985 John Kavanagh (Newfoundland politician) (1814–1884), Newfoundland politician John Kavanagh (politician), (b.
Chorbogh (Persian: چهارباغ ‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.
Misfeasance, nonfeasance, and malfeasance are types of failure to discharge public obligations existing by common law, custom, or statute.
Wallace Estill, Sr., House, also known as the Old Stone House, is a historic home located near Union, Monroe County, West Virginia.
Shera is a 1999 Hindi language Indian film directed by T L V Prasad.
Toogong is a town in the Central West region of New South Wales, Australia.
Cheravirus is a genus of viruses in the order Picornavirales, in the family Secoviridae.
The 1980 Dallas Cowboys season was their 21st in the league.
Indonesia competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany.
The Israeli Education and Youth Corps (Hebrew: חיל החינוך והנוער‎, Heil HaHinuh VeHaNo'ar) is the IDF Manpower Directorate corps responsible for the education of soldiers and commanders in Israel's military.
In printing, anti-set-off spray powder is used to make an air gap between printed sheets of paper.
Manzano Mountains State Park is a state park of New Mexico, United States, located 16 miles (26 km) north of Mountainair on the eastern slope of the Manzano Mountains.
New Creek is an 18.
Jackson Township is one of fourteen townships in Madison County, Indiana, United States.
Comfort Deluxe is the debut studio album by Finnish Britpop band The Crash, released in 1999.
The Orb of Agamotto is a fictional magical item in the Marvel Comics universe.
Gardner is a surname of English or Irish origin.
The Verified Carbon Standard (VCS) formerly the Voluntary Carbon Standard is a quality standard for voluntary carbon offset industry.
Thom Flodqvist is a Swedish professional ice hockey centre who currently plays for Södertälje SK of the Elitserien.
Misaka (御坂町, Misaka-chō) was a town located in Higashiyatsushiro District, Yamanashi Prefecture, Japan.
Avezzano is a railway station in Avezzano, Italy.
The Mount Sinai Jewish Center (MSJC) is an Orthodox Jewish Ashkenazi congregation in the Washington Heights / Hudson Heights neighborhood, in the New York City borough of Manhattan.
Rhinella granulosa (common names: granular toad, common lesser toad) is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.
The Seleucid Dynastic Wars were a series of conflicts that were fought between competing branches of the Seleucid Royal household for control of the Seleucid Empire.
Amer Iqbal is a Pakistani theoretical physicist.
The Auster D.6 was a four-seat British light aircraft, a development of the Auster Autocar with a horizontally-opposed engine.
Oral & Maxillofacial surgery (OMS) specializes in treating many diseases, injuries and defects in the head, neck, face, jaws and the hard and soft tissues of the Oral (mouth) and Maxillofacial (jaws and face) region.
Wooroora was an electoral district of the House of Assembly in the Australian colony (state from 1901) of South Australia.
Three human polls and one formulaic ranking make up the 2008 NCAA Division I FBS (Football Bowl Subdivision) football rankings, in addition to various publications' preseason polls.
Typhlops coecatus is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
Jagdeep Singh is an Indian politician belonging to Aam Aadmi Party.
Prior to its uniform adoption of proportional representation in 1999, the United Kingdom used first-past-the-post for the European elections in England, Scotland and Wales.
Agraharahalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
Carl R. Eklund (January 27, 1909 – November 3, 1962) was a leading American specialist in ornithology and geographic research in both the north and south polar regions.
Beaulieu (Occitan: Bel Luòc) is a commune in the Cantal department in south-central France.
Forces and Fields :The concept of Action at a Distance in the history of physics (1961, 1962) is a book by Mary B. Hesse, published by Philosophical library.
The LNFA 2013 season was the 19th season of top-tier American football in Spain.
Gruffudd Fychan I, Prince of Powys Fadog from 1277 to 1284, was the youngest of the four sons of Gruffudd ap Madog, Lord of Dinas Bran.
Hronov (Czech pronunciation: [ˈɦronof]) is a town in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
Heliades mulleolella is a species of moth of the Pyralidae family.
The Sri Jayendra Swamigal Silver Jubilee School (SJSSJS) is a school in Maharaja Nagar, Tirunelveli, India.
The Diocese of Imus (Latin:Dioecesis Imusensis) comprises the entire province of Cavite.
Christopher Bobonich is an American philosopher and a leading scholar of ancient philosophy, especially known for his work on Plato's Laws.
Abraham Jones was a politician in North Carolina, in the North Carolina General Assembly of 1778.
Phostensin is a protein that in humans is encoded by the KIAA1949 gene.
Diaphania contactalis is a moth in the Crambidae family.
Aedh mac Eoghan Ó Conchobair was King of Connacht in Ireland.
Handsome Siblings is a 1992 Hong Kong wuxia film adapted from Gu Long's novel Juedai Shuangjiao.
Peregrine Horden is professor in medieval history at Royal Holloway, University of London.
Gmina Kamienica Polska is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
Mendham is a village and civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk in eastern England.
Juan Garcia-Herreros, also known as "The Snow Owl", is a native born Colombian Bassist & Composer, notable for his virtuoso musicianship and for his use of a customised 6-stringed Electric Contrabass Guitar.
Ross Andrew Hannaford (born 1 December 1950) is an Australian musician.
.
The Siyokoy (Syokoy) are creatures in Philippine Mythology which were members of Bantay Tubig (merfolk).
John Martin Thompson (1829–1907) was a lumberman and civic leader, born in the old Cherokee Nation prior to removal in what is now Cass County, Georgia, USA.
Sergio Jose Santos (born July 4, 1983) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the New York Yankees of Major League Baseball (MLB).
'Imbil' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Tillandsia in the Bromeliad family.
Oh, My God (stylised as Oh, My God !
Unshine is a gothic metal, symphonic metal band from Helsinki, Finland.
Form 4 is a United States SEC filing that relates to insider trading.
Dr. Anthony Relhan (ca.
The Albanian Nuclear Agency (ANA) (Albanian: Agjencia Kombetare Berthamore) is the government-owned nuclear agency that looks for options of nuclear power in Albania.
RMIT's School of Applied Sciences is an Australian tertiary education school within the College of Science Engineering and Health at the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology (RMIT University), located in Melbourne, Victoria.
Michael Theobald (born 1948) is a German academic theologian who is Professor of New Testament in the Catholic Theological Faculty at the University of Tübingen.
Domnall mac Donnchada Midi (died 799) was a King of Mide of the Clann Cholmáin.
Lohorung, or Lorung, is a Kiranti language of eastern Nepal.
Johannes Hans Daniel Jensen (25 June 1907 – 11 February 1973) was a German nuclear physicist.
Club Atlético Tabaré or simply Tabaré is a professional basketball club based in Montevideo, Uruguay, was founded on July 9, 1931 and joined the FUBB in 1932 earning its promotion to the Second Division in 1934 and its first ascent to First in 1948.
The 426th Tactical Fighter Training Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force fighter squadron.
PML Flightlink were a Hampshire based firm specialising in the design and manufacture of "pancake" (flat) electric motors.
The 2016 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship will be the 129th staging of the All-Ireland championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1887.
Charles Duguid (6 April 1884 – 5 December 1986) was a Scottish-born medical practitioner and Aboriginal rights campaigner who recorded his experience working among the Australian Aborigines in a number of books.
Jalalabad (Persian: جلال اباد‎, also Romanized as Jalālābād) is a village in Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District, Rudkhaneh District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.
Len Stott (16 November 1909 – 7 May 2000) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Kohllapse is a gothic-doom metal band from Canberra, Australia, formed in the early 1990s.
Porodična Manufaktura Crnog Hleba (Serbian Cyrillic: Породична Мануфактура Црног Хлеба; trans.
This is a list of administrators of the Tangier International Zone during the period when it was governed in accordance with the Tangier Protocol.
The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius – Attack of the Twonkies is a video game released in 2004, based on the American television animated series The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius, in turn based on the 2001 film, Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius.
The AN/TRC-80 Radio Terminal Set was a United States Army communications system that provided line-of-sight or tropospheric scatter voice and teletypewriter communications between Pershing missile firing units and higher headquarters.
Elk is a public artwork by an unknown artist located in front of the Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks, Milwaukee Lodge 46, which is on the Northwest side of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States.
Damir Khayretdinov (Russian: Дами́р Зиню́рович Хайретди́нов) (born 1972) is a Russian historian, ethnographer and social activist.
Joseph "Joe" Smith is the oldest British citizen to swim the English Channel.
Hawkedon is a village and civil parish in the St Edmundsbury district of Suffolk in eastern England.
The 2008 congressional elections in Hawaii were held on November 4, 2008 to determine who was to represent the state of Hawaii in the United States House of Representatives for the 111th Congress from January 3, 2009, until their terms of office expire on January 3, 2011.
Felipe Delgado, born Felipe Delgado Martillo on July 14, 1973, is an Ecuadorian's swimmer who is a competitor in 50m & 100m Freestyle.
Parragon Books Ltd, a United Kingdom publishing company, was formed in 1988 by friends Guy Parr and Paul Anderson.
Of all knee injuries, those to the medial side are the most common.
A fedora /fɨˈdɔərə/ is a felt hat with a wide brim and indented crown.
Dixie (also Little Dixie) is an unincorporated community in Henderson County, Kentucky, United States.
Ivan Jerković (born 13 January 1979) is a Croatian professional footballer who last played in Singapore for Brunei DPMM, as a midfielder.
Walter de Beauchamp (sometimes Walter I of Beauchamp, Walter of Beauchamp, Walter I de Beauchamp, or Walter de Bellocampo; died between 1130 and 1133) was a medieval nobleman and Sheriff of Worcestershire.
Dulsk [dulsk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
Sealed With a Kiss was Bobby Vinton's twenty-third studio album for Epic Records.
HMS Solent was a S-class submarine of the third batch built for the Royal Navy during World War II.
Dareveyan (Persian: درويان‎, also Romanized as Dareveyān; also known as Dalvīān, Darreh Vīān, and Darreh-ye Īvān) is a village in Saral Rural District, Saral District, Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.
Noodling is fishing for catfish using only bare hands, practiced primarily in the southern United States.
Gusmano Cesaretti (born July 24, 1944) is a self-taught Italian photographer and artist from Lucca, Italy.
Martin Luther, Heretic was a film made in 1983 to commemorate the 500th anniversary of the birth of Martin Luther.
Bairoko Harbor is situated along the northwestern shore of the island of New Georgia in the Solomon Islands.
Płutowo [ʂɨmˈbɔrnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kijewo Królewskie, within Chełmno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
Broomella is a genus of fungi in the family Amphisphaeriaceae; according to the 2007 Outline of Ascomycota, the placement in this family is uncertain.
Derek George Aslett (born 12 February 1958) is a former English cricketer.
The Goyang Orion Orions is a professional basketball club in the Korean Basketball League.
The Canadian Environmental Law Association (CELA) is a non-profit, public interest organization established in 1970 to use existing laws to protect the environment and to advocate environmental law reforms.
Joseph Leo Loftus (born 24 January 1906 in Ferryhill and died 23 October 1992 in Durham Central) was an English footballer who played as an inside left.
Psalm 37 is the 37th psalm of the Book of Psalms.
Early music is Western classical music prior to the Baroque era, comprising Medieval music (500–1400) and Renaissance music (1400–1600).
Lušečka Vas (Slovene: Lušečka vas) is a village west of Poljčane in northeastern Slovenia.
The DPR Korea Football Association (Chosŏn'gŭl: 조선민주주의인민공화국 축구협회; Hanja: 朝鮮民主主義人民共和國蹴球協會) is the governing body of football in North Korea.
Paleontology, palaeontology or palæontology (from Greek: paleo, "ancient"; ontos, "being"; and logos, "knowledge") is the study of prehistoric life forms on Earth through the examination of plant and animal fossils.
In combinatorial mathematics, the rencontres numbers are a triangular array of integers that enumerate permutations of the set { 1, .
Ebenezer Young (December 25, 1783 – August 18, 1851) was a United States Representative from Connecticut.
The 2006–07 Cymru Alliance was the seventeenth season of the Cymru Alliance after its establishment in 1990.
Theodor Granderath (born 19 June 1839, at Giesenkirchen, Rhine Province; died 19 March 1902 at Valkenburg, Netherlands) was a German Jesuit scholar.
Electro-optical MASINT is a subdiscipline of Measurement and Signature Intelligence, (MASINT) and refers to intelligence gathering activities which bring together disparate elements that do not fit within the definitions of Signals Intelligence (SIGINT), Imagery Intelligence (IMINT), or Human Intelligence (HUMINT).
The France's 1966-1970 nuclear test series was a group of 22 nuclear tests conducted in 1966-1970.
Rhene is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
Acrocordiella is a genus of fungi in the family Pyrenulaceae.
Heliodiaptomus kolleruensis is a species of copepod in the family Diaptomidae.
Witchkrieg is the fifth full length studio album by Swedish thrash metal band Witchery, released on June 21, 2010 in Europe and June 29, 2010 in North America.
Stueningia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
The 2010 San Francisco 49ers season was the franchise's 65th season, their 61st in the National Football League, and the second full year with Mike Singletary as the head coach.
Frederick Charles, Count of Erbach-Limpurg (21 May 1680 – 20 February 1731), was a German prince member of the House of Erbach and ruler (through marriage) over the Lordship of Limpurg-Michelbach and (through inheritance) over Erbach, Freienstein, Wildenstein, Michelstadt and Breuberg.
Aenigmina is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family.
Cookie Clicker is a JavaScript-based incremental game written by French programmer Julien Thiennot, who is better known as "Orteil" (French pronunciation: ​[ɔʁtɛj], literally toe), and released on August 10, 2013.
Philip Hal Sims (November 8, 1886 – February 26, 1949) was an American bridge player.
Four referendums were held in Switzerland in 1981.
Zsuzsa Jánosi (born 19 November, 1963) is a Hungarian fencer, who won a bronze medal in the team foil competition at the 1988 Summer Olympics, in Seoul together with Zsuzsanna Szőcs, Katalin Tuschák, Edit Kovács and Gertrúd Stefanek.
The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1330 kHz: 1330 AM is a Regional broadcast frequency.
Air Marshal Sir Charles Edward Neville Guest KBE CB (4 October 1900 – 23 June 1977) was a Royal Air Force officer who became Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief at RAF Transport Command.
Dubrave, Brčko is a village in the municipality of Brčko, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Herbert Osborn Yardley (April 13, 1889 – August 7, 1958) was an American cryptologist.
Tieressou is a village in the Bassar Prefecture in the Kara Region of north-western Togo.
Wola Trębska [ˈvɔla ˈtrɛmpska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny, within Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Locks Corner is an unincorporated community in Caroline County, in the U.S. state of Virginia.
Psychedelia is an early light synthesizer developed by Jeff Minter and published by Llamasoft in 1984.
Antonio Riccianti was an Italian painter of the 17th century.
The Rising of the North of 1569, also called the Revolt of the Northern Earls or Northern Rebellion, was an unsuccessful attempt by Catholic nobles from Northern England to depose Queen Elizabeth I of England and replace her with Mary, Queen of Scots.
K6 or K-6 may refer to: Locations K-6 (Kansas highway), a state highway in Kansas K6 (mountain), a mountain in Pakistan K6 pipe, a geological formation in Northern Alberta, Canada Transportation HMS K6, a British submarine USS K-6 (SS-37), a 1914 United States Navy K-class submarine Ka 6, a glider manufactured by Alexander Schleicher GmbH & Co, Germany K6, IATA code for Bravo Air Congo K 6 (keelboat), sailboat class Other uses K-6 (education), the grades which are traditionally grouped together in American elementary schools; formerly Kindergarten through sixth grade K6 HMG, a 12.
The 2012 African Championships in Athletics was held at the Stade Charles de Gaulle in Porto Novo, Benin from 27 June to 1 July 2012.
In hydrology and related sciences and technologies, a cline is a comparatively thin, typically horizontal layer within a fluid, in which a property of the fluid varies greatly over a relatively short vertical distance.
Men's Fitness is a men's magazine published by American Media, Inc and founded in the United States in 1987.
"All or Nothing" is the twenty-second episode and season finale of the fourth season of the American musical television series Glee, and the eighty-eighth episode overall.
ITE College Central is one of the Institute of Technical Education's three Colleges under the "One ITE System, Three Colleges" Governance and Education Model.
The 2011 Girls' U16 South American Volleyball Championship was the 1st edition of the South American Volleyball Championship, organised by South America's governing volleyball body, the Confederación Sudamericana de Voleibol (CSV).
CJAB-FM is a French-language Canadian radio station located in Saguenay, Quebec.
Malta–Russia relations refers to bilateral foreign relations between Malta and Russia.
WNBQ (92.
School District 78 Fraser-Cascade is a school district in the eastern Fraser Valley of British Columbia.
LOSC Lille (Lille Olympique Sporting Club, French pronunciation: ​[lil ɔlɛ̃pik]; commonly referred to as Le LOSC, Lille OSC or simply Lille) is a French association football club based in Lille.
VIV or Viv may refer to: the NYSE stock symbol for Vivo Participacoes Vortex induced vibration Viv Richards, former cricketer Viv, Iran, a village in Ardabil Province, Iran Vivarium .
Brian Colin (born November 4, 1956) is an American video-game designer, artist and animator.
Mount Race, 2,365 feet (721 m), is a prominent peak in the south Taconic Mountains of Massachusetts.
Freda Beatrice Stark (27 March 1910 – 19 March 1999) was a New Zealand dancer, and a prosecution witness after the prescription drug overdose of her lover, Thelma Mareo, in 1935.
Sei Young Animation (Hangul: 세영동화(주); hanja: 世映動畵(株)) was an animation studio based in South Korea, known best for working overseas for North America animated TV shows, such as The Super Mario Bros.
The mayor is the highest elected official in Trois-Rivières, in the Mauricie region of Quebec.
Lorenzo López Mulero (May 12, 1889 - February 14, 1972) was a Spanish politician and the mayor of Oviedo.
The Taiwan barbet (Megalaima nuchalis; formerly; Megalaima oorti nuchalis) is a bird endemic to the island of Taiwan.
Teslim Balogun Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Surulere, Lagos, Nigeria.
David W. Murhammer is Professor and former Department Chair of Chemical and Biochemical Engineering at the University of Iowa, specializing in biochemical engineering.
Charles Spencer Smith (1852–1923) was a Methodist minister and afterwards bishop.
Rebel (1969), by Bediako Asare, is a novel about the conflict between tradition and modernity in Africa.
Johnson Financial Group is the $4 billion financial services company of the Johnson Family Enterprises.
Pandit Rajaram alias Raja Kale is an Indian vocalist, composer, and scholar of Indian classical, semi-classical, and devotional music.
Ross Island is a claw-shaped peninsula in Killarney National Park, County Kerry.
The following is an incomplete list of wars involving Georgia, by Georgian people or regular armies during periods when independent Georgian states existed, from antiquity to the present day.
Arak University of Medical Sciences is a medical sciences university in Arak, Iran.
We Got Married (Season 1) is the first season of We Got Married (우리 결혼했어요), a popular reality South Korean variety show and a segment of the Sunday Sunday Night program.
Red Noses is a comedy about the black death by Peter Barnes, first staged at Barbican Theatre in 1985.
Australia Games was held in Melbourne, Victoria from 26 January to 5 February 1985.
Sočerga (pronounced [sɔˈtʃɛːɾɡa]) is a village in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
The following is a list of Japanese photographers from its beginning in the 19th century to present time, including information on the history of the development of Japanese photography.
William Gifford (April 1756 – 31 December 1826) was an English critic, editor and poet, famous as a satirist and controversialist.
Biyang County (Simplified: 泌阳; Traditional: 泌陽; Pinyin: bìyáng) is a county of Zhumadian city in southern Henan province, People's Republic of China.
Norm Crewther (14 May 1919 – 20 October 2010) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Kambu Swayambhuva was one of the many sages in Hinduism mentioned along with Agastya, Kaundinya, Rajendra Chola I, Ashoka and Pushyamitra Shunga in shloka 22 of the Ekamata Stotra.
The political career of John C. Breckinridge included service in the state government of Kentucky, the United States federal government, and the government of the Confederate States of America.
Miss Universe 1964, the 13th Miss Universe pageant, was held on 1 August 1964 at the Miami Beach Auditorium in Miami Beach, Florida, USA.
Escondido Adventist Academy (EAA) is a Seventh-day Adventist-governed private school in Escondido, California, serving students in grades K-12.
The Indelicates are a Sussex-based English indie rock band.
Berta Taracena (born 1925) is a Mexican historian, cultural researcher and art critic.
M.S. Kothari Academy is a school in Nashik, India.
Afaq District is a district of the Al Muthanna Governorate, Iraq.
Tilney St Lawrence is a village and a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk The village is 52.
Pavel Ivanovich Melnikov (alias Andrey Pechersky, Russian: Па́вел Ива́нович Ме́льников (Андре́й Пече́рский), 1818, Nizhny Novgorod—1883, ibidem) was a Russian writer, best known for his novels In the Forests and On the Hills, which describe the unique life of Transvolga and use its dialects.
The Jilintai I Dam is a concrete-face rock-fill embankment dam on the Kashgar River, 29 km (18 mi) east of Nilka in Xinjiang, China.
The events of 1955 in anime.
Walter of Liederkerque was a Flemish knight (from Liedekerke) who, along with his older brother Engilbert, accompanied their uncle Florent of Hainaut to the Peloponnese in southern Greece, following Florent's proclamation as Prince of Achaea in 1289.
Palcrypt is an open source single file encryption and decryption program.
Edward Arthur "Ted" Tyson (4 February 1910 – 5 February 1996) was an Australian rules footballer who played with West Perth in the Western Australian National Football League (WANFL).
Tientsin, Sri Lanka is a village in Sri Lanka.
Fabrizio De André is an album released by Italian singer-songwriter Fabrizio De André, released in 1981.
This article deals with Sherman tanks extensive use around the world after World War II and catalogues foreign post–World War II use and conversions of Sherman tanks and variants based on the Sherman chassis.
Upper Squabble is a ghost town located in Perry County, Kentucky, United States.
The 146th Battalion, CEF was a unit in the Canadian Expeditionary Force during the First World War.
This is a list of Rutgers Scarlet Knights football players in the NFL Draft.
30 Cannon Street is a modern office building on Cannon Street in the City of London, close to Mansion House underground station.
Stenløse is a town and a former municipality (Danish, kommune) in Egedal municipality in Region Hovedstaden on the island of Zealand (Sjælland) in eastern Denmark.
Music Reports is an American company that serves organizations seeking expertise and solutions in music rights licensing, administration, and royalty accounting.
Akbarabad (Persian: اكبراباد‎, also Romanized as Akbarābād) is a village in Ordughesh Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.
Anton Kannemeyer (born 30 October 1967 in Cape Town) is a South African comics artist, who sometimes goes by the pseudonym Joe Dog.
PT Bank Himpunan Saudara 1906 Tbk.
Kokubunji (国分寺市, Kokubunji-shi) is a city located in Tokyo Metropolis, Japan.
Hijiri Anze (安瀬 聖) is a Japanese composer and arranger.
The Morongo Unified School District (MUSD) is a public education governing body in the Mojave high desert of Southern California.
Ellenton was a town that was located on the border between Barnwell County and Aiken County, South Carolina, United States.
The Russian Federation inherited the ranks of the Soviet Union, although the insignia and uniform were altered slightly.
Daniel Giraldo (born 1 July 1992) is a Colombian footballer who plays for Olhanense as a Midfielder.
The 1999 President's Cup was a men's tennis tournament played on Hard in Tashkent, Uzbekistan that was part of the International Series of the 1999 ATP Tour.
Ogres Vēstis (News of the Ogre) is a regional newspaper published in Ogre, Latvia.
Wesley was an unincorporated community located in Wood County, West Virginia.
Eulepidotis rectimargo is a moth of the Noctuidae family.
Aubrey Island is one of the many uninhabited Canadian Arctic islands in the Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut.
Kpartao is a village in the commune of Bassila in the Donga Department of western Benin.
Karl Tomas Eneroth (born 4 December 1966) is a Swedish politician of the Social Democrats who has been Leader of the Social Democrats in the Swedish Riksdag since 2014.
This is a list of the Mayors of Randwick City Council and its predecessors, a local government area of New South Wales, Australia.
Chromodoris annae is a species of sea slug, a very colorful nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
Portage Lake is a natural lake, located in Onekama Township in Manistee County, Michigan.
The Indian Institute of Astrophysics (IIA), with its headquarters in Bangalore (Karnataka state), India, is a premier national institute of India for the study of and research into topics pertaining to astronomy, astrophysics and related subjects.
The National Interagency Fire Center (NIFC) in Boise, Idaho, is the physical facility that is home to the National Interagency Coordination Center (NICC), and the National Multi-Agency Coordination group (NMAC or MAC).
Richard Barton "Mickey" McConnell (born April 14, 1989) is an American professional basketball player who plays for Champagne Châlons-Reims Basket of the French LNB Pro A league.
The 2015–16 North Texas Mean Green men's basketball team represents the University of North Texas during the 2015–16 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
Patricio Aylwin Azócar (Spanish pronunciation: [paˈtɾisjo ˈeilwin aˈsokar]; born November 26, 1918) is a Chilean Christian Democrat politician, lawyer, author, professor and former senator.
USNS John Glenn (T-ESD-2, ex-MLP-2) is a United States Navy Mobile Landing Platform ship named in honor of John Glenn, a Naval Aviator, retired United States Marine Corps colonel, veteran of World War II and the Korean War, astronaut, and United States senator.
UPD may refer to: Underpotential deposition Unified Police Department of Greater Salt Lake Union for Development (União para o Desenvolvimento) - a political party in Macao Union for Peace and Development Union, Progress and Democracy, a political party in Spain Uniparental disomy HP Universal Print Driver Urban planned development, a governmental designation for an urban village-style master planned development (MPD) University of the Philippines Diliman, the flagship university of the University of the Philippines System University Police Department  ^ "Community Plans".
Bürgstadt is a market community in the Miltenberg district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia (Unterfranken) in Bavaria, Germany and the seat of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft (Administrative Community) of Erftal.
Walter de Baltrodin [Baltroddi; Baltroddie] (died 1270) was a 13th-century Scottish bishop; if his name can be taken as a guide, he came from "Baltrodin" - Baltroddie (Pitroddie) - in Gowrie.
Hohenlimburg may refer to either: Hagen-Hohenlimburg, formerly known as Limburg an der Lenne, a present day borough of the city of Hagen, Germany, or Limburg-Hohenlimburg, a county in medieval Germany.
Museum of Local History in Ulcinj (albanian: Muzeu i Historisë Lokale në Ulqin) or simply Museum of Ulcinj (albanian: Muzeu i Ulqinit) is a local museum located in Kalaja, part of Ulcinj, Montenegro.
Sangwonsa is a temple located in Pyeongchang County, Gangwon-do, South Korea.
Qadirabad is a village in Domariaganj, Uttar Pradesh, India.
After The Reign is an American country music band composed of Willie Kelly (lead vocals), John Strevens (lead guitar, rhythm guitar, background vocals), Dave Burlett (bass guitar, background vocals), Greg Annunziata (drums), Clay Perlman (lead guitar, rhythm guitar), and Bob Grado (steel guitar, mandolin, banjo).
East York is a census-designated place (CDP) in York County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Charles Croker-King (1873-1951) was a British stage and film actor.
This article displays the qualifying draw of the 2011 Credit Agricole Suisse Open Gstaad.
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Cass County, Missouri.
Harrogate Spa Water is England's oldest bottled water manufacturer.
Maritime Southeast Asia is the maritime region of Southeast Asia as opposed to mainland Southeast Asia and comprises Brunei, East Malaysia, East Timor, Indonesia, Singapore, and the Philippines.
Saigon is a novel by Anthony Grey.
Short shifting is a driving technique in which the gear is changed up before necessary.
The White Earth River is a 26.
The Château de Domecy-sur-Cure is a château located in Domecy-sur-Cure in the Yonne department in Burgundy, north-central France.
Witness to Apartheid is a 1986 American documentary film directed by Sharon I. Sopher.
Bowmanville is the largest community in the Municipality of Clarington (formerly known as the Town of Newcastle) in Durham Region, Ontario, Canada.
American Rhapsody was written for the accordion by John Serry, Sr. in 1955 and subsequently transcribed for the free bass accordion in 1963 and for the piano in 2002.
Varroa jacobsoni is a species of mite that parasitises Apis cerana (Asian honey bees).
Joseph P. Evans (1835 – 1889) was an American Republican politician who represented Petersburg as a member of the Virginia House of Delegates from 1871 to 1874 and in the Virginia Senate from 1874 to 1875.
The E. K. Jernigan House is a historic home located at 207 Dunlap Street, Paris, Henry County, Tennessee.
Independent Filmmaker Project (IFP) is the name for a series of membership-based, not-for-profit organizations that produce programs that assist independent filmmakers in connecting with film-industry professionals and, ultimately, audiences.
UDP-N-acetyl-D-mannosamine dehydrogenase (EC 1.
The Piscataway Indian Nation is a state-recognized tribe in Maryland that claims descent from the historic Piscataway tribe.
Ober Da Bakod (in Tagalog, ober da is a phonetic spelling of "over the" and bakod means "fence", hence the title means "over the fence") was a Philippine sitcom produced by Viva Television and co-produced and broadcast by GMA Network from 1992–1997.
The International Polygraph Accreditation Board (or IPAB) was established in 2011 and includes 1,900 members in the polygraph field.
The Apsley Falls are two waterfalls on the Apsley River in the Northern Tablelands region of New South Wales, Australia.
The inaugural Euroleague season 2000–01, under the new Euroleague Basketball Company authority, started on October 16, 2000, with a regular season game between hosts Real Madrid and Olympiacos, at the Raimundo Saporta Pavilion in Madrid, Spain, and ended with the championship finals game on May 10, 2001, at the PalaMalaguti arena in Bologna, Italy.
BonziBuddy, stylized as BonziBUDDY, was a piece of adware distributed by Bonzi Software between 1999 and 2004.
The Carrum Carrum Swamp encompassed 52 square kilometres with a catchment area of 735 square kilometres.
Fibre cement is a composite building and construction material, used mainly in roofing and facade products because of its strength and durability.
The non-pneumatic anti-shock garment (NASG) is a low-technology first-aid device used to treat hypovolemic shock.
Tashkömür (Kyrgyz: Ташкөмүр, also written Tash-Kumyr) is one of the five largest towns of Jalal-Abad Province in Southern Kyrgyzstan.
The Wigan Coal and Iron Company was formed when collieries on the Wigan Coalfield owned by John Lancaster were acquired by Lord Lindsay, the Earl of Crawford and Balcarres, owner of the Haigh Colliery in 1865.
The Ancient Egyptian Baker's tool hieroglyph is Gardiner sign listed no.
Inga xinguensis is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
Nevin Halıcı is a Turkish writer and lecturer of Turkish cuisine.
The Bracelet of Bordeaux is a 2009 family mystery film written, produced, and edited by Frank Eakin, and directed by Casey Kelly.
Mike Mogis (born May 16, 1974) is an American producer/engineer and multi-instrumentalist who, along with his brother A.J. Mogis, founded Presto!
Kevin Gray (February 25, 1958 – February 11, 2013) was an American actor who worked primarily in musical theater.
The following is a list of the 745 communes of the French department of Seine-Maritime.
The 2015–16 SMU Mustangs men's basketball team represents Southern Methodist University (SMU) during the 2015–16 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
FC Olympic Tallinn is an Estonian football club, playing in the town of Tallinn.
Lunch Wagon (also known as Lunch Wagon Girls) is a 1981 sex comedy starring Pamela Jean Bryant, Rosanne Katon, and Candy Moore.
Velko Kanev (1948–2011) was a Bulgarian comic actor.
Kennedy Crossan School is a historic school building located in the Burholme neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Alakshmi is the older sister of Lakshmi and the Hindu goddess of misfortune.
Songsong is the largest village on the island of Rota, Northern Mariana Islands, United States.
Elizabeth Frances Henstridge (born 11 September 1987) is an English actress best known for her role in ABC's Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. as Agent Jemma Simmons.
Jeffrey Leib Nettler Zimbalist (born August 15, 1978 in Northampton, Massachusetts) is an Emmy and Peabody Award Winning American filmmaker best known for his feature films Favela Rising, The Two Escobars, Youngstown Boys, Bollywood; The Greatest Love Story Ever Told, and The Scribe of Urabá.
Buccaneer Yacht Club (abbreviated formally as BucYC or in local tradition as BYC) is a member-run sailing club which has operated out of Mobile Bay, Alabama since 1928.
Granger High School is a public high school located in Granger, Washington.
George Choiroboskos (Greek: Γεώργιος Χοιροβοσκός), Latinized as Georgius Choeroboscus, was an early 9th-century Byzantine grammarian and priest.
Eileen Brennan (September 3, 1932 – July 28, 2013) was an American actress of film, television, and theater.
Elizabethtown High School is located in Elizabethtown, Kentucky.
Al-Hurriya (Arabic: الحرية‎), (English: The Liberty) variously transcribed as al-Hourriya, al-Hurriyeh, etc.
The 27th Aero Squadron was a Air Service, United States Army unit that fought on the Western Front during World War I. The squadron was assigned as a Day Pursuit (Fighter) Squadron as part of the 1st Pursuit Group, First United States Army.
Sycon is a genus of calcareous sponges belonging to the family Sycettidae.
William Buehler Seabrook (February 22, 1884 – September 20, 1945) was an American Lost Generation occultist, explorer, traveler, cannibal, and journalist, born in Westminster, Maryland.
The North Midland (Staffordshire) Heavy Battery was a Territorial Force (TF) unit of the Royal Garrison Artillery (RGA) formed in Staffordshire in 1908.
Splicing factor 3 subunit 1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the SF3A1 gene.
Meera Dewan is a social-issue documentary filmmaker based in New Delhi, India.
"Don't Let Them" is the fourth and final single from Ashanti's third studio album, Concrete Rose (2004).
The Women's 25 metre pistol pairs event took place at 5 October 2010 at the CRPF Campus.
The Greater Johnstown School District is the a public school district in Cambria County, Pennsylvania.
I Am Really Sorry (Hangul: 진짜 진짜 미안해; RR: Jinjja jinjja mi-anhae; lit.
Ueki (written: 植木 lit.
Omnibook Magazine was published from 1938 until 1957 by Omnibook Inc. in New York.
Saint-Quentin-des-Prés is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Klimmen-Ransdaal is a railway station located in Ransdaal and is near Klimmen, The Netherlands.
XHRV-FM (branded as Exa FM) is a Spanish & English Top 40 (CHR) radio station that serves the Valle Hermoso and Matamoros border area.
Øyvin Thon (born 25 March 1958) is a Norwegian orienteering competitor, and several times world champion.
The Gauliga Generalgouvernement was the highest football league in Polish areas annexed by Nazi Germany after 1939, which were not incooperated into any of the Gaue, the so-called General Government (German:General Gouvernement).
James C. Allen (died 1831), was an English line-engraver from London.
A Global Locating System (GLS) is any system that helps to determine the location of a transmitter on Earth's surface using satellites.
Dennis Parlato (born March 30, 1947 in Los Angeles) is an American dancer, actor, and singer.
Phyllis Zagano (born August 25, 1947) is an American author and academic.
Ann Plato (c.
Luther Curtis Knight, Jr. (born April 14, 1943 in Gulfport, Mississippi, United States) is a former American football placekicker for the Washington Redskins of the National Football League.
Eugnosta sartana, the Broad-patch Carolella Moth, is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.
These are various international rankings of Canada.
Tris(oxazolinyl)borate compounds are a class of tridentate ligands; often abbreviated ToR, where R is the substituent on the oxazoline ring.
John Edwin Addenbrooke (born 1900 in Sheffield, England) was a footballer who played in the Football League for Chesterfield.
Okolona is a city in and one of the county seats of Chickasaw County, Mississippi, United States.
Boothapandi is a panchayat town in Kanyakumari district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.
The red-throated cliff swallow (Petrochelidon rufigula), also known as the red-throated swallow, is a species of bird in the Hirundinidae family.
Minuscule 522 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 145 (in the Soden numbering), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on a paper.
"Imagine It Was Us" is a song by British recording artist Jessie Ware from her debut studio album, Devotion.
D.Y.A.M.
Platt College is a college located in Aurora, Colorado that serves students from all over the Denver Metro area.
Gap junction alpha-10 protein, also known as connexin-62 (Cx62), is a protein that in humans is encoded by the GJA10 gene.
Leptobrachium leishanense (Leishan spiny toad or Leishan moustache toad) is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.
The United States Postal Service uses the words "flats" and "nonletters" interchangeably to refer to large envelopes, newsletters, and magazines.
The Kazakh alphabets are the alphabets used to write the Kazakh language.
The 1976 Texas Longhorns football team represented the University of Texas during the 1976 college football season.
Donja Vogošća is village in Vogošća municipality, near Sarajevo, Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The Flag of the South African Republic was the flag of the former Zuid Afrikaanse Republiek or in English translation, the South African Republic, which existed from 1857 to 1877, and 1881 to 1902.
Spruce Creek is a tributary of the Big Thompson River in Larimer County, Colorado.
This is a list of former CBC/SRC television transmitters across Canada that were used by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.
The Dong-Feng 15 (a.
Kliima is a village in Orava Parish, Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
Ian Robert Dawes (born 22 February 1963) is an English former professional footballer, born in Croydon Surrey, who made more than 200 appearance in the Football League for each of his two clubs, Queens Park Rangers and Millwall, playing as a left back.
River Arrow Nature Reserve is a local nature reserve located alongside the River Arrow in Alcester, Warwickshire, England.
Mason County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois.
Ana María "Ani" Escribano López (born 2 December 1981) is a Spanish footballer who plays for ÍBV in Iceland's Úrvalsdeild.
The black-chinned fruit dove (Ptilinopus leclancheri), also known as the black-throated fruit dove or Leclancher's dove, is a medium-sized (up to 27 cm long) bird of the Columbidae family.
Thiago Alves is the defending champion but lost in the quarterfinals to Gastão Elias.
Cardiac Cath Lab Director is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers six times a year in the field of Cardiovascular Disease.
Hückelhoven is a town in the district Heinsberg, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Funk Glacier (65°34′S 63°46′W) is a glacier flowing into the head of Nevsha Cove in Beascochea Bay to the south of Frölich Peak, on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.
The Laura Hurd Award is an annual award given to the top player in NCAA Division III Women's Ice Hockey.
The Civil Police (Italian: Corpo de Polizia Civile) founded on January 1, 1945, is one of the law enforcement organisations in San Marino, who police one of the smallest, but perhaps one of the safest countries in the world.
LogFS is a Linux log-structured and scalable flash file system, intended for use on large devices of flash memory.
The Aruviyur Nagarathars (also known as Aruviyur Nagarathar Chettiars) is a Nagarathar community under Chettiar caste in Shaivism that originated in Kaveripoompattinam under the Chola kingdom of India.
Muhammad Anis Ahmed (born 10 December 1973 in Gojra) is a field hockey player and former member of the Pakistan National Hockey Team.
Gregorio Antonio Maria Salviati (1722–1794) was an Italian Roman Catholic cardinal.
David F. Schulz (September 24, 1949 – October 7, 2007) was a Wisconsin politician and the third Milwaukee County Executive, serving from 1988 to 1992.
Eratosthenes of Athens (Greek: Ἐρατοσθένης) was one of the Thirty Tyrants elected to rule the city of Athens after the Peloponnesian War (431–404 BC).
Nero Wolfe is a 1977 TV film adaptation of Rex Stout's Nero Wolfe novel The Doorbell Rang.
José Behar is a Cuban-American music executive.
Umarizal is a microregion in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Norte.
Carte Patrick Goodwin (born February 27, 1974) is an American attorney who briefly served as a United States Senator from West Virginia in 2010.
The Flock (1969) is the self-titled debut album by The Flock.
Benthochromis is a small genus of cichlid fish endemic to Lake Tanganyika in East Africa.
Norah Gaughan is an American hand knitting pattern designer.
Jamie Martin Devitt (born 6 July 1990) is an Irish footballer who plays as a winger for League Two side Morecambe.
Robert D. Webb (January 8, 1903 – April 18, 1990) was an American film director.
Destruction by Definition is the debut album by the Detroit, Michigan punk rock band The Suicide Machines, released in 1996 by Hollywood Records.
Pierre André Marie Raymond Rollinat (2 September 1853, Saint-Gaultier - 27 December 1931) was a French herpetologist.
Síndico Procurador was a Spanish term, used in Spanish America, for a local, administrative and judicial position, corresponding to a city attorney.
Days to Come is the third album of original studio material from British musician Bonobo.
Mariano Abril y Ostalo (1861−1935) was a Puerto Rican politician.
The Dean of Waterford in the United Dioceses of Cashel and Ossory in the Church of Ireland is the dean of Christ Church Cathedral, Waterford.
The men's sprint competition at the 2002 Asian Games was held from 4 to 8 October at the Geumjeong Velodrome.
Langley Frederick George "Lang" Hancock (10 June 1909 –  27 March 1992) was an Australian iron ore magnate from Western Australia who maintained a high profile in the competing spheres of business and politics.
Jasimuddin (30 October 1903 – 14 March 1976; born Jasim Uddin) was a Bengali poet, songwriter, prose writer, folklore collector and radio personality.
Probuda Ridge (Bulgarian: хребет Пробуда, ‘Hrebet Probuda’ \'hre-bet pro-'bu-da\) is the 15 kilometres (9.
Wayne Township is one of thirteen townships in Tippecanoe County, Indiana, United States.
Ryan Cook (born May 8, 1983) is an American football offensive guard in the National Football League (NFL).
Drive is a 2011 American neo-noir arthouse crime film directed by Nicolas Winding Refn, starring Ryan Gosling, Carey Mulligan, Bryan Cranston, Oscar Isaac and Albert Brooks.
GS Yuasa Corporation (株式会社ジーエス・ユアサ コーポレーション, Kabushiki-gaisha GS Yuasa Kōporēshon ) is a Japanese company that makes lead acid automobile and motorcycle batteries.
Peter Pan is a 1953 American animated fantasy-adventure film produced by Walt Disney and based on the play Peter Pan, or The Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up by J. M. Barrie.
Ridwan Awaludin (born in Bogor, West Java October 10, 1992) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PS Bangka in the Liga Indonesia Premier Division as a Midfielder.
Linda Jackson (born 1950) is an Australian fashion designer, fashion retailer and artist.
In computer programming, lint is a Unix utility that flags some suspicious and non-portable constructs (likely to be bugs) in C language source code; generically, lint or a linter is any tool that flags suspicious usage in software written in any computer language.
Events in the year 1685 in Norway.
Silesian Guitar Octet is the only performing octet in the world that has a stable structure.
Hesquiat Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.
Patrick James Lynch (born November 14, 1953 in Monterey, California) is an American author, artist, biomedical illustrator, and photographer.
Archimede construction systems are construction techniques achieving rhombic dodecahedral shapes, a space-filling geometry.
The Château de Vaulogé is a château in Fercé-sur-Sarthe near Le Mans in the Sarthe department of France.
The Gobernador Slope is a geographical region located in the northwestern portion of the U.S. state of New Mexico.
Castanospermum australe (Moreton Bay Chestnut or Blackbean), the only species in the genus Castanospermum, is a flowering plant in the family Fabaceae, native to the east coast of Australia in Queensland and New South Wales, and to the Pacific islands of Vanuatu and New Caledonia.
The Graeco-Roman Museum of Alexandria in Egypt was created in 1892.
Hank Ballard (November 18, 1927 – March 2, 2003), born John Henry Kendricks, was a rhythm and blues singer and songwriter, the lead vocalist of Hank Ballard and The Midnighters and one of the first rock 'n' roll artists to emerge in the early 1950s.
RV Pelagia is a research vessel in the service of the Royal Netherlands Institute for Sea Research (NIOZ), a research institute of the Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research.
A Hyperactive Workout for the Flying Squad is the seventh album by English rock band Ocean Colour Scene.
The National Assembly is the legislature Botswana's unicameral Parliament.
Robins Kaplan LLP is a litigation-focused law firm headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Ralph Stanley is an album by American country singer Ralph Stanley, released in 2002.
The Final Reunion is a live DVD release of the Cliff Richard & the Shadows' performance at the O2 Arena in London.
The PlayStation 4 is a video game console by Sony Computer Entertainment.
The Independent Moralizing Front (Spanish: Frente Independiente Moralizador) was a Peruvian political party.
Little Petra (Arabic: البتراء الصغيرة‎, al-batrā aṣ-ṣaġïra), also known as Siq al-Barid (Arabic: سيق البريد‎, literally "the cold canyon") is an archaeological site located north of Petra and the town of Wadi Musa in the Ma'an Governorate of Jordan.
The 1931-32 Serie A season was the sixth season of the Serie A, the top level of ice hockey in Italy.
Kobylno [kɔˈbɨlnɔ] (German Kobyllno) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubniany, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Six O'Clock News is a 1996 documentary film by Ross McElwee about television news in the United States, the randomness of fate, the anxiety of parenting, and the difference between representation and reality.
Claudio Roberto Perdomo Interiano (born 20 March 1964) is a Honduran politician.
The Mind's I: Fantasies and reflections on self and soul is a 1981 collection of essays and other texts about the nature of the mind and the self, edited with commentary by popular science writers Douglas R. Hofstadter and Daniel C. Dennett.
The 2009–10 Women's EHF Cup was the 29th edition of the competition.
Ermanno Gorrieri (November 26, 1920 – December 29, 2004) was an Italian politician and economist.
Trifurcula barbertonensis is a moth of the Nepticulidae family.
A flange bearing frog, often abbreviated FBF, is a type of frog in which the flange of the wheel on a railway vehicle supports the weight of the vehicle.
Cliff Reid (September 7, 1891-August 22, 1959), also known as George Clifford Reid, was an American film producer during the 1930s and 1940s.
This is a list of properties and districts in Coweta County, Georgia that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).
Meridian Airways is a Ghanaian registered cargo airline (with an Air Operator Certificate Number of AOC 023) with its head office in Kotoka International Airport, Accra, and its main hub at Ostend-Brugge International Airport in Belgium.
Ich liebe den Höchsten von ganzem Gemüte (I love the Highest with my entire being), BWV 174, is a church cantata by Johann Sebastian Bach.
Thomas Wilkes (by 1508-36/37), of Chippenham, Wiltshire, was an English politician.
Steal My Heart (Hangul: 캐치미; RR: Kaechimi; lit.
The year 1901 in film involved some significant events.
Ishwar Singh (b 10 April 1950,Jadaula, Distt.
Desert rock may refer to: Palm Desert Scene, a music culture in Southern California often described as "desert rock" Desert Rock (band), Album by British Blues Rock Guitarist Ramon Goose Dubai Desert Rock Festival, an event celebrating various styles of rock and metal music on one stage in Dubai, United Arab Emirates Desert Rock exercises, a series of exercises conducted by the U.S. military in conjunction with atmospheric nuclear tests Camp Desert Rock, a former staging base for troops participating in the Desert Rock exercises Desert Rock Airport, a private-use airport located three miles (5 km) southwest of the central business district of Mercury, in Nye County, Nevada, United States.
Mill Hill East is a London Underground station in Mill Hill in the London Borough of Barnet, north London.
Quỳ Châu is a rural district of Nghe An province in the North Central Coastal region of Vietnam.
Melica serrana, is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that is endemic to Cerro de las Ánimas, Uruguay and southern South America.
Saint-Lizier-du-Planté is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.
Nationalism studies is an interdisciplinary academic field devoted to the study of nationalism and related issues.
Frank Strawbridge (26 October 1891 – 25 October 1971) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Johannes "Hans" Wolfgang Zender (born 22 November 1936 in Wiesbaden) is a German conductor and composer.
Sikandra is a town and a nagar panchayat in Kanpur Dehat district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
The 1982 Hawaii gubernatorial election was Hawaii's seventh gubernatorial election.
There are over 9,000 Grade I listed buildings and 20,000 Grade II* listed buildings in England.
Ron Ray Jessie (February 4, 1948 - January 13, 2006) was a professional American football wide receiver in the National Football League from 1971 through 1981.
JJ, styled as jj, is a band who releases music through the Gothenburg-based independent label Sincerely Yours, which was founded by the Swedish pop group The Tough Alliance.
Ellen is a female given name.
Cover to Cover was an educational program broadcast on public television in the United States and Canada from the 1960s to the 1990s.
Deh-e Balutak Kuh Bard (Persian: ده بلوطك كوه برد‎‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Balūṭak Kūh Bard) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.
Șchei (Bulgarian: шкеи, shkei) was an old Romanian exonym referring to the Bulgarians, especially in Transylvania and northern Wallachia.
Anne-Grete Rendtorff (born 1947) is a Danish singer, who was most popular in the 1980s.
Paul Hollingdale (born Paul Wynn, 30 March 1938, Brighton, Sussex) is a British radio presenter who presented the first ever programme broadcast on BBC Radio 2, Breakfast Special.
Arogyaswami J. Paulraj AVSM, VSM (born 14 April 1944) is a distinguished Indian-American electrical engineer.
James Harold "Jim" Pead OBE (3 April 1924 – 15 November 2009) was an Australian politician.
Muklesur Rahman is a First class and List A cricketer from Bangladesh who appeared for Dhaka Division in 2005/06.
Frank Edward Young VC (2 October 1895 – 18 September 1918) was a recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.
The 61st edition of the Vuelta a Colombia was held from 12 to 26 June 2011.
Sainte-Geneviève is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in north-eastern France.
Parapoynx endoralis is a moth in the Crambidae family.
Studio !
Natalia Igorevna Bessmertnova (Russian: Наталья Игоревна Бессмертнова; 19 July 1941 – 19 February 2008) was a Soviet prima ballerina of the Bolshoi Ballet and a People's Artist of the USSR (1976).
The following is a list of state forests in Indiana.
Annelore Zinke (born 10 December 1958 in Lauchhammer, Brandenburg) is a German gymnast who competed for the SC Dynamo Berlin/ Sportvereinigung (SV) Dynamo.
Christine M. Erickson (born in Rapid City, South Dakota) is an American politician and a Republican member of the South Dakota House of Representatives representing District 11 since January 11, 2013.
Soli Colah is ex-international Squash player who has represented India in the inaugural 1976 World Cup Open in Karachi and at the World Amateur Championships at Edgbaston and London 1976 and The World Cup Open 1979.
William Stevenson Smith (born 1865, date of death unknown) was an English professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Kloostrimetsa (Estonian for Cloister Forest) is a subdistrict (Estonian: asum) in the district of Pirita, Tallinn, the capital of Estonia.
Rahmatabad (Persian: رحمت اباد‎, also Romanized as Raḩmatābād) is a village in Gowdin Rural District, in the Central District of Kangavar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.
The Song of the Happy Shepherd is a poem by William Butler Yeats.
The Fayetteville Street Historic District in Raleigh, North Carolina is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).
CKGM is an English language Canadian radio station in Montreal.
Polynomial arithmetic is a branch of algebra dealing with some properties of polynomials which share strong analogies with properties of number theory relative to integers.
Bathycongrus parapolyporus is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels).
John Thomas Idlet (John Thomas) (December 31, 1930 – March 29, 2002) was an American Beat poet who wrote sporadically and had an aversion to publishing his work.
John Manley (c 1622 – 1699) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1659 and 1690.
"That Was a Close One" is a song written by Robert Byrne, and recorded by American country music artist Earl Thomas Conley.
This Stephenson Class were eleven 0-6-2T locomotives introduced into traffic in 1898 designed and built by Robert Stephenson and Company for the Port Talbot Railway.
Galeodes arabs, common name Egyptian Giant Solpugid or Camel Spider, is a species of solifuges or sun spiders.
Gimbach is a river of Hesse, Germany.
Segmental blood pressure is used to measure actual limb blood pressures.
White Oak Historic District is a national historic district located near Winnsboro, Fairfield County, South Carolina.
Sumburgh Head Lighthouse is a lighthouse on Sumburgh Head at the southern tip of the Mainland of Shetland.
Chester Valentine John Anderson (August 11, 1932 - April 11, 1991) was a novelist, poet, and editor in the underground press.
Margaret Wintringham (4 August 1879 – 10 March 1955), née Longbottom, was a British Liberal Party politician.
Halgerda toliara is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.
Hesar Now (Persian: حصارنو‎, also Romanized as Ḩeşār Now) is a village in Firuzeh Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzeh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.
Alexander "Alex" Donald (born 5 June 1948) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a right-winger for Port Vale between 1965 and 1968, and later played for Derry City.
Waxenstein is a mountain of Bavaria, Germany.
The Index is a 328 m (1,076 ft) tall, 80-storey skyscraper in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Toby Myers, born September 26, 1949, best known for recording and touring with John Cougar Mellencamp as the bass guitarist.
Baidyanath Jyotirlinga temple, also known as Baba dham and Baidyanath dham is one of the twelve Jyotirlingas, the most sacred abodes of Shiva.
In transaction processing, databases, and computer networking, the two-phase commit protocol (2PC) is a type of atomic commitment protocol (ACP).
Symphoricarpos sinensis is an uncommon Chinese species of shrubs in the Honeysuckle Family.
The Kenilworth Avenue Historic District is a historic district in the northwestern portion of Dayton, Ohio, United States.
Head for Points is an internet blog for discussion of airline frequent-flyer programs and hotel loyalty programs in the UK.
Peter "Pekka" Lindmark (born November 8, 1956 in Kiruna, Sweden) is a former ice hockey goaltender.
Dogs Don't Tell Jokes (ISBN 0679833722) is a novel by acclaimed children's book author Louis Sachar.
Thunderspire Labyrinth is the second in the three part series of adventures introducing the new 4th edition Dungeons & Dragons concept of Points of Light, a loosely connected and open-ended setting designed to allow modules and Dungeon Masters created materials to be seamlessly integrated into either a single, largely unmapped fantasy world or a Dungeon Master custom made setting.
Surduc Pass (in Romanian: Defileul Jiului or Pasul Surduc, in Hungarian Szurdok-szoros) is a mountain pass in the Gorj and Hunedoara counties of Southwestern Romania, connecting the Petroşani Depression with Oltenia.
Gasteranthus timidus is a species of plant in the Gesneriaceae family.
Smiths Grove Presbyterian Church is a historic church at College and 2nd Streets in Smiths Grove, Kentucky.
Yahsat 1A is a communications satellite constructed by EADS Astrium and Thales Alenia Space for Al Yah Satellite Communications Company (Yahsat).
Nobbin is a village in the municipality of Putgarten on the Wittow peninsula on the German Baltic Sea island of Rügen.
Baharabad (Persian: بهاراباد‎, also Romanized as Bahārābād) is a village in Chahriq Rural District, Kuhsar District, Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
Pallippuram ( pronunciation ) is a village near Pattambi, Kerala, India.
Sahyouni or Sahyounie (in Arabic صهيوني) is literally the Arabic equivalent term for Zionist.
Klemenčič is a Slovene surname.
Lloyd Glenn McClendon (born January 11, 1959) is a former professional baseball player and manager.
The Westland Oil Filling Station in Minot, North Dakota was built in 1929.
Olympic Ice was a daily television program that was broadcast at 6 p.
Judeo-Tat or Juhuri (çuhuri / жугьури / ז'אוּהאוּראִ) is the traditional language of the Mountain Jews of the eastern Caucasus Mountains, especially Azerbaijan and Dagestan, now mainly spoken in Israel.
John Inglis (born 16 October 1966) is a Scottish former professional footballer.
Harry Douglas IV (born September 16, 1984) is an American football wide receiver for the Tennessee Titans of the National Football League (NFL).
Basketball shoes are footwear designed specifically for playing basketball.
These are the matches of Football Club Internazionale Milano playing in the World.
Thomas Obicini (it.
Packanack Lake is a unincorporated lake community in Wayne in Passaic County, New Jersey, United States, located 30 minutes northwest of Manhattan.
Magnetica (known in Japan as Shunkan Puzzloop (瞬感パズループ) and in Europe as Actionloop) is a puzzle game for the Nintendo DS, released as part of the Touch!
The Journal of Religion and Popular Culture is a triannual online peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 2002 and is published by University of Toronto Press.
Dina Vakil (born 1946) is a journalist based in Mumbai, India.
Migmacastor is an extinct member of the beaver family, Castoridae, known from a single species, Migmacastor procumbodens.
The Congress of the State of Nuevo León is the legislative branch of the government of the Mexican state of Nuevo León.
Andrei Igorevich Strelnikov (Russian: Андрей Игоревич Стрельников; born April 10, 1986) is a Russian professional football player.
Spectral Gene is an SRPG for the PlayStation 2, and is the next installment in Idea Factory's Spectral series.
The 2008 LPGA Championship was the 54th LPGA Championship, played June 5–8 at Bulle Rock Golf Course in Havre de Grace, Maryland.
The men's foil was one of eight fencing events on the fencing at the 1960 Summer Olympics programme.
Piotr Rubik (born 3 September 1968 in Warsaw) is a Polish composer of symphonic pop music for orchestra, films and theatre.
Mifleget Poale Zion VeHaHugim HaMarksistim beEretz Yisrael (lit.
The County of Normanby in Victoria, is one of the 37 counties of Victoria which are part of the cadastral divisions of Australia, used for land titles.
The Uftyuga (Russian: Уфтюга) is a river in Ustyansky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast and Tarnogsky and Nyuksensky Districts of Vologda Oblast in Russia.
Glipostenoda melanocephala is a species of beetle in the Glipostenoda genus.
Cultural homogenization is an aspect of cultural globalization, listed as one of its main characteristics, and refers to the reduction in cultural diversity through the popularization and diffusion of a wide array of cultural symbols — not only physical objects but customs, ideas and values.
Chester D. Seftenberg (September 2, 1904 – June 7, 1970) was an American politician and the assistant deputy secretary of the United States Department of the Air Force from 1950 to 1953.
Sugar beet, cultivated Beta vulgaris, is a plant whose root contains a high concentration of sucrose.
Ernest John "Jack" Bailey (born 17 June 1921 and died 31 December 1986 in Bristol) was an English footballer who played as a left back.
Bhaji in Problem (Punjabi: ਭਾਜੀ ਇਨ ਪ੍ਰਾਬਲਮ) is a Punjabi comedy film directed by Smeep Kang, who had earlier directed films like Carry on Jatta and Lucky Di Unlucky Story, both of which featured Gippy Grewal in the lead role.
Clogs are a type of footwear made in part or completely from wood.
Hesperophymatus limexylon is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
This is a list of Spanish television series and miniseries.
The coconut pearl is alleged to be a coconut-produced gemstone.
Watthana or Vadhana, Thai: วัฒนา; IPA: [wát.
Achacachi is a town on the Altiplano plateau in the South American Andes in the La Paz Department in Bolivia.
Tin Shui Wai Station (Chinese: 天水圍站) is a MTR station located near Tin Shui Wai new town, Yuen Long District.
Welcome and Farewell (original German title: Willkommen und Abschied) is a poem by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe from the collection Sesenheimer Lieder.
Eric William Wolff, FRS (born 5 June 1957) is a British climatologist, glaciologist, and academic.
Donald Roy Irvine (January 20, 1920 – October 1, 1994) was a Canadian politician, who served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1971 to 1977 as a Progressive Conservative member.
Wire data is the information that passes over computer and telecommunication networks defining communications between client and server devices.
Valene Maharaj (born April 25, 1986) was the Miss Trinidad and Tobago World 2007  title holder, and Miss World of the Caribbean for 2007.
William George Ranald Mundell Laurie (4 May 1915 – 19 September 1998), known as Ran Laurie, was a British physician, rowing champion, and Olympic gold medallist.
Princess Sofja Stepanovna Shcherbatova (Russian: Софья Степановна Щербатова, née Apraksina; born 1798, Moscow, Russian Empire, - died 3 February 1885, Moscow) was a prominent Russian philanthropist, the Dame Chevalier of the Order of Saint Catherine (1822).
Henry Hase (September 26, 1847 – January 25, 1929) was an American politician.
Mother Sri Lanka (Sinhalese: ශ්‍රී ලංකා ජාතික ගීය Sri Lanka Matha; Tamil: ஸ்ரீ லங்கா தாயே Sri Laṅkā Tāyē) is the national anthem of Sri Lanka.
Kunchok is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal.
The Dunlap Square Building is a historic landmark in Marinette, Wisconsin, United States, and is registered on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Clemensia remida is a moth of the Arctiidae family.
Unifly Express (IATA: IP, Call sign: Unifly ) was an Italian airline that operated from 1980 until 1990.
There are over 20,000 Grade II* listed buildings in England.
The season 2004–05 of Segunda División B of Spanish football started August 2004 and ended May 2005.
Donji Klakar (Serbian: Доњи Клакар) is a village in the municipality of Brod, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Harrow Central was a parliamentary constituency in Harrow, London, which returned one Member of Parliament to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1950 until it was abolished for the 1983 general election.
General Marc van Uhm is a two-star general in the Royal Netherlands Army and currently serves as its deputy commander.
Samraong Tong District (Khmer: ស្រុកភ្នំស្រួច) is a district located in Kampong Speu Province in central Cambodia.
Dzihat Kyamil (Bulgarian: Джихат Кямил Turkish: Cihat Kyamil; born 4 August 1990) is a Bulgarian footballer of Turkish descent who currently plays as a midfielder for Etar Veliko Tarnovo.
Kislov (Russian: Кислов) is a Russian male surname.
Andrei Vikentyevich Zygmantovich (Russian: Андрей Викентьевич Зыгмантович; born 2 December 1962 in Minsk) is a retired Belarusian footballer and currently a Belarus national team coach.
Otter Creek Observatory is an astronomical observatory, one of two units of the Otter Creek–South Harrison Observatories operated by Jefferson Community and Technical College.
G-15 is a name given to a group in Eritrea that opposes the policy of President Isaias Afewerki postponing elections and their failure in implementing the constitution.
Jukka Heinikainen (born 22 July 1972) is a Finnish former racing cyclist.
Thomas Langton "Tommy" Church (1870 – February 7, 1950) was a Canadian politician.
John Dietsch is the author of the book Shadowcasting: An Introduction to the Art of Flyfishing.
Susan McMaster (born 1950) is a Canadian poet, literary editor, spoken word/performance poet, and 2011-12 President of the League of Canadian Poets.
Carol Perkins (born December 29, 1957) is an American business owner, fashion model and pet product designer who started her own company, Harry Barker, Inc., in 1997.
Malaysia is a multi–ethnic country.
Nick Dowling is the founder and president of IDS International.
The Hawkline Monster: A Gothic Western is a novel by Richard Brautigan written in 1974.
Franklin Delano Roosevelt High School is a public high school located in Hyde Park, New York in Dutchess County.
Reductions with samarium(II) iodide involve the conversion of various classes of organic compounds into reduced products through the action of samarium(II) iodide, a mild one-electron reducing agent.
Stilifer ovoideus is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
Antenna 3, formerly known as "Antenna 3 Lombardia" and also known as "Antennatre" is a private TV station.
The First Baptist Church of Hammond is a fundamental Independent Baptist church in Hammond, Indiana.
Dzyanis Iharavich Laptsew (Belarusian: Дзяніс Ігаравіч Лапцеў, Russian: Денис Игоревич Лаптев, Denis Igorevich Laptev; born 1 August 1991) is a Belarusian footballer playing currently for FC Tosno.
Banda Sinaloense el Recodo de Don Cruz Lizárraga, often referred to as Banda el Recodo, was founded in 1938; it has been under the direction of the Lizárraga family.
Hindustani vocabulary, also known as Hindi-Urdu vocabulary, like all Indo-Aryan languages, has a core base of Sanskrit, which it gained through Prakrit.
David "Davy" Smith Gordon (29 December 1882 – 1963) was a Scottish football player and manager.
The White Shepherd emerged from white-coat lines of the German Shepherd Dog in Canada and the United States and from European imports.
Industry Canada (French: Industrie Canada) is the department of the Government of Canada with a mandate of fostering a growing, competitive, knowledge-based Canadian economy.
This list of current: cities towns, unincorporated communities counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of California.
Culls is an unincorporated community in Northampton County, Virginia, United States.
Charles F. Householder (1855–1908) was a professional baseball player.
USS Thresher (SS-200), a Tambor-class submarine, was the first United States Navy ship to be named for the thresher shark.
dump is a Unix program used to back up file systems.
Roberto Guajardo Suárez (16 October 1918 – ca.
Jerry W. Cooper (born August 6, 1948 in McMinnville) is a Tennessee Democratic politician and a former member of the Tennessee Senate for the 14th district, which encompasses Franklin, Bledsoe, Coffee, Grundy, Sequatchie, Van Buren, and Warren counties.
Anomocephalus is an extinct genus of primitive anomodont.
Mercedes-Benz India Pvt Ltd is a wholly owned subsidiary of the German Daimler AG founded in 1994, with headquarters in Pune, Maharashtra, India.
Charles Edgar du Perron, more commonly known as E. du Perron, was a famous and influential Dutch poet and author of Indo-European descent.
Hob Broun (born Heywood Orren Broun; 1950 in Manhattan, New York, U.S. - December 16, 1987, Portland, Oregon, U.S.) was an author who lived in Portland, Oregon.
Richard E. Killblane is an American military historian and author.
Naliboki Forest, the Naliboki Pushcha (wild forest), is a large forest complex in the northwestern Belarus, on the right bank of the Neman River, on the Belarusian Ridge.
The Hard Stuff is a studio album by George Thorogood & The Destroyers.
Probable ATP-dependent RNA helicase DDX23 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the DDX23 gene.
Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād; also known as Mohammad Abad Hoomeh and Moḩammadābād Ḩūmeh) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Chakravyuh (English:Squared Planning) is a 2012 Indian political war film directed by Prakash Jha starring Arjun Rampal, Esha Gupta, Manoj Bajpai, Kabir Bedi, Anjali Patil and Abhay Deol.
Michael Morris is an American television director and producer.
Pink Champagne was a 1980s Swedish punk band.
Transcriber is a tool for the transcription and annotation of speech signals for linguistic research.
John (Jack) Howard Sissons (July 14, 1892 – 11 November 1969) was a barrister, author, judge and a Canadian federal politician.
Dhok Manna (Urdu: ڈھوک منٌه‎) (U.
Dhamarra is a village in the Bhopal district of Madhya Pradesh, India.
Cranichis candida is a species of orchid in the subfamily Orchidoideae.
Callippides (Καλλιππίδης) or Callippos (Κάλλιππος) was apparently an ancient Greek runner, who gave his name to a proverb for those making great efforts but no progress.
Friedrich von Lindequist (born 15 September 1862 in Wostevitz on Rügen; died 25 June 1945 at Macherslust near Eberswalde, Germany) was a high colonial official of the German Reich.
Thomas Terrell Brandon (born May 20, 1970) is an American retired professional basketball player.
Immanuel Church (Swedish: Immanuelskyrkan) is church located in the city centre of Stockholm, Sweden.
Howell James & Company were a firm of jewellers and silversmiths, based in Regent Street in London, which operated between 1819 and 1911.
Maud Gage Baum (March 27, 1861 – March 6, 1953) was the wife of L. Frank Baum.
Rugulina antarctica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pendromidae.
Batogowo [batɔˈɡɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sypniewo, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Al-Shuhada Street or Shuhada Street (Arabic: شارع الشهداء‎) (Martyr's Street), (Hebrew: רחוב המלך דוד‎) (King David Street) also spelled (in accordance with the pronunciation) a-Shuhada Street or ash-Shuhada Street, is a street in Hebron, Palestinian territories.
Virginia State Route 401 (SR 401) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia.
Wattana Wittaya Academy (W.W.A; Thai: โรงเรียนวัฒนาวิทยาลัย; rtgs: Watthana Witthayalai) is Thailand's first boarding school for girls.
The Sun Kudumbam Best Editor Award is given by Sun Network as part of its annual Sun Kudumbam Awards for best editing in television serials aired on Sun TV.
Vecqueville is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Kurt-Benny Christer Elmgren (born 31 August 1943 in Hovmantorp) is a Swedish former wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
In human anatomy, the adductor pollicis muscle is a muscle in the hand that functions to adduct the thumb.
Borgestad Manor (Norwegian: Borgestad gård) is an estate in the municipality of Skien in Telemark.
Grotte (Sicilian: Grutti) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Agrigento in the Italian region Sicily, located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) southeast of Palermo and about 14 kilometres (9 mi) northeast of Agrigento.
Johannes Sæbøe (born 1976) is a Norwegian musician, notable for his act in the progrock band White Willow.
Poyntonophrynus hoeschi is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.
This is a list of electoral results for the Electoral district of Mitchell in South Australian state elections.
Eastern was a 9,905 GRT cargo liner that was built in 1944 as Empire Dynasty by J L Thompson & Sons Ltd, Sunderland, Co Durham, United Kingdom for the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT).
Carpenter-Lippincott House is a historic home located at Centreville, New Castle County, Delaware.
WFGW (106.
Riviera LRT Station (PE4) is an LRT station on the Punggol LRT Line East Loop in Singapore.
Lohit Diary, English: Lohit Diary is a 76 minutes documentary film produced in India, set the Lohit River Valley in East Arunachal Pradesh, North-East India.
Annette Lareau is a sociologist working at the University of Pennsylvania.
Luce County is a county located in the Upper peninsula in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Juneau is a center of media in Southeast Alaska.
Tank commander or Tank Commander may mean: The commander of the armored vehicle called a tank: see Tank#Crew Police jargon for a car driver who drives with his windscreen iced over except for a small scraped area to see through: see this link Gary: Tank Commander, a BAFTA-award winning Scottish sitcom Iron Warriors: T-72 Tank Commander, also known as T-72: Balkans on Fire!
Fahrenheit 451 is a 1966 British Dystopian science fiction drama film directed by François Truffaut and starring Oskar Werner, Julie Christie, and Cyril Cusack.
The Ayers Bank Building is a historic bank building located at 200 West State Street in Jacksonville, Illinois.
Ruth is an impact crater on Venus.
Mr Whippy is an Australian manufacturer and distributor of Soft serve and Frozen Yogurt products headquartered in Australia.
This article is a list of historic places in the province of Manitoba entered on the Canadian Register of Historic Places, whether they are federal, provincial, or municipal.
Duke Island is an island in the Gravina Islands of the Alexander Archipelago in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Alaska.
Encoma is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
Charles De Koninck (29 July 1906 – 13 February 1965) was a Belgian-Canadian Thomist philosopher and theologian.
New Ben Franklins are a Rock’n’Roll/Americana/Alternative Country band based in Denver, Colorado, USA.
In mathematical statistics, the Fisher information (sometimes simply called information) is a way of measuring the amount of information that an observable random variable X carries about an unknown parameter θ of a distribution that models X. Formally, it is the variance of the score, or the expected value of the observed information.
Robert Lowery (born April 8, 1931 in Shula, Arkansas, United States) is an American blues singer and guitarist.
During the 1997–98 English football season, Sunderland A.F.C. competed in the Football League First Division.
Mary Anne Sadlier (December 30, 1820—April 5, 1903) was an Irish author.
Old Waldorf was a music venue managed by Bill Graham located in San Francisco, California.
This is an album by Peter Hammill, released on his Fie!
The Singing Outlaw was a 1938 "B" movie directed by Joseph H. Lewis starring Bob Baker as a singing cowboy.
Murray McEachern (16 August 1915–28 April 1982) was a Canadian jazz trombonist and alto saxophonist born in Toronto, perhaps best known for having played trombone for Benny Goodman from 1936-1937.
Sijerčić is a Bosniak surname.
In demonology, Vepar is a strong Great Duke of Hell, and rules twenty-nine legions of demons.
Leszko III was a legendary ruler of Poland, firstly mentioned by Wincenty Kadłubek.
Rush County is a county located in the U.S. state of Indiana.
Żółwino [ʐuu̯ˈvinɔ] (German: Hassendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawno, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.
John Henry Gray (April 24, 1906 – January 24, 1964) was a Filipino boxer who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
Edward Robert Sellstrom (19 July 1916 - 21 June 1942) was a Naval aviator who died while in service with the United States Naval Reserve during World War II.
Duillier Castle is a castle in the municipality of Duillier of the Canton of Vaud in Switzerland.
Counting of the official results of the Papua New Guinean general election to elect members of the 2007–2012 National Parliament, held from 30 June 2007 to 14 July 2007, was largely completed by 6 August, the deadline for the return of writs.
Gordon Nutt (8 November 1932 – 25 February 2014) was an English professional footballer who was a winger.
Tajabad-e Kohneh (Persian: تاج ابادكهنه‎, also Romanized as Tājābād-e Kohneh; also known as Tājābād) is a village in Azadegan Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.
The 15th Virginia Regiment was raised on December 28, 1775 in eastern, Virginia for service with the Continental Army.
Sneak Prevue was an American basic cable and satellite television network that served as a barker channel to provide previews of pay-per-view films and events to cable television providers.
Chamber Music is a collection of poems by James Joyce, published by Elkin Mathews in May, 1907.
NPO Radio 6 is a digital radio station from Netherlands Public Broadcasting (NPO).
Erik Ross Palmer-Brown (born April 24, 1997) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Sporting Kansas City in Major League Soccer.
Wynnedale is a town in Washington Township, Marion County, Indiana.
Elmo Bolton Hunter (October 23, 1915 – December 27, 2003) was a United States federal judge.
The Porcelain Magician is a collection of oriental fantasy short stories written by Frank Owen.
Turbo is the fifth album by the ska/soul band The Pietasters.
Botsford is a neighborhood or section in the town of Newtown in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.
Ihor Ivanovych Tuhay (Ukrainian: Ігор Іванович Тугай; born 22 March 1975) is a hammer thrower from Ukraine.
Franki-Piaski [ˈfranki ˈpjaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
José Alejandro Cañizares Gómez (born 9 January 1983) is a Spanish professional golfer who plays on the European Tour.
David Rytman Slavitt (born 1935) is a writer, poet, and translator, the author of more than 100 books.
Biomaterials exhibit various degrees of compatibility with the harsh environment within a living organism.
GENSA (General Serviços Aéreos) is an airline is based in Campo Grande, Brazil.
Winter Haven Hospital is a hospital and health service system based in Winter Haven, Florida.
Edward Matthew "Ted" Horsington (2 May 1878 – 23 July 1947) was an Australian politician.
Nagybárkány is a village in Nógrád County, Hungary with 689 inhabitants (2014).
A rigger boot is a particular type of pull-on safety boot in the United Kingdom.
Aruvikkara is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala, India.
John Snell (fl.
"Heavy Metal and Reflective" is a song recorded by American rapper Azealia Banks for her debut studio album Broke with Expensive Taste (2014).
Sally Jean Shipard (born 20 October 1987) is a retired Australian international football (soccer) midfielder who played for Canberra United in the Australian W-League from 2009–2014 and for Bayer 04 Leverkusen in the German Bundesliga during the 2012 off-season.
Sidney "Sid" Wileman (26 April 1910 – 26 June 1985) was an English footballer who played for Gresley Rovers, Derby County, Port Vale, and Hinckley United.
Physiphora laticauda is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Physiphora of the family Ulidiidae.
ZeD is a Canadian variety television program and website.
On the Nickel (1980) is a feature film written, produced by, and starring Ralph Waite (best known as John Walton, Sr., on the long-running CBS television series, "The Waltons").
The 2006 All-SEC football team consists of American football players selected to the All-Southeastern Conference (SEC) chosen by the Associated Press (AP) and the conference coaches for the 2006 college football season.
The Augustinus-Verein was an association organized in 1878 to promote the interests of the Catholic press, particularly the daily press, of Germany.
The 1971 Asian Basketball Confederation Championship for Men were held in Tokyo, Japan.
Neil Barsky is a United States-based journalist, former hedge fund manager, filmmaker, and philanthropist, best known for making the 2012 film Koch and for founding The Marshall Project, a journalism nonprofit intended to shed light on the United States criminal justice system.
The New Caledonian whistler (Pachycephala caledonica) is a species of bird in the Pachycephalidae family.
Key Field Air National Guard Base is the home base of the Mississippi Air National Guard 186th Air Refueling Wing.
Postclassical realism is an international relations theory term coined by academic Stephen Brooks.
High Tech High North County, also known as HTHNC, is a charter school located in San Marcos, California.
In fields like computational chemistry and solid-state and condensed matter physics the so-called atomic orbitals, or spin-orbitals, as they appear in textbooks on quantum physics, are often partially replaced by cubic harmonics for a number of reasons.
's-Gravenzande is a town in the Dutch province of South Holland.
Mitteleuropa (pronounced [ˈmɪtl̩ʔɔɪ̯ˌʀoːpa]) is one of the German terms for Central Europe.
Kenneth Gordon "Ken" Thomson (25 February 1930 – 1969) was a footballer who played in the Football League for Hartlepool United, Middlesbrough and Stoke City.
Kaia Iva is a Pro Patria and Res Publica Union politician who once served in the Riigikogu.
John Ronaldson is a former Australian rules football player who played in the VFL between 1965 and 1970 for the Richmond Football Club.
Wisconsin Public Television is a state network of public television stations operated primarily by the Wisconsin Educational Communications Board and the University of Wisconsin–Extension.
Volleybalclub Zandhoven is a Belgian women's volleyball club based in Zandhoven.
The term Sixties Scoop (or Canada Scoops), refers to the Canadian practice, beginning in the 1960s and continuing until the late 1980s, of taking ("scooping up") children of Aboriginal peoples in Canada from their families for placing in foster homes or adoption.
Prestwood F.C. are a football club based in Prestwood, near High Wycombe, England.
The Dæmons is the fifth and final serial of the eighth season of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, which was first broadcast in five weekly parts from 22 May to 19 June 1971.
Kentuckia is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
Mystical Marriage of St. Catherine is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Filippino Lippi, dated 1503.
James Donald "Don" Martin (February 7, 1920 – September 30, 1997) was an American professional basketball player.
Hemant Kanoria is the Chairman and Managing Director of Srei Infrastructure Finance Ltd. ^ "BSE India".
In gridiron football, cut blocking is an offensive line technique that consists of an offensive player knocking a defensive player down by hitting his knees.
ف  The following is a list of notable buildings in the Gothic Revival style.
Performative Architecture is architecture using digital technologies to challenge the way the built environment is designed.
Statistics of Úrvalsdeild in the 1961 season.
Pamela Diane Gorman is a conservative Republican politician.
Adrian James Clarke (born 28 September 1974) is a former English footballer, who last played for Welling United.
Fidèle Abdelkérim Moungar (born 1948) is a Chadian doctor and a veteran politician who served as Prime Minister of Chad in 1993.
John M. "Johnny" Binotto (born November 24, 1919) is a former American football halfback who played one season in the NFL with the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Philadelphia Eagles.
The George Hopkinson House is a historic colonial First Period house at 362 Main Street in Groveland, Massachusetts.
Jack Arthur Davenport (born 1 March 1973) is an English actor.
I Rivers is the pen name of an anonymous Singapore-born Malaysian author, whose first novel, Black Magic Woman # Zero Point Negro was published in 2004 by Fugue State Press.
The 1974 World Team Tennis season was the inaugural season of the top professional team tennis league in the United States.
Operations support systems (OSS), or operational support systems in British usage, are computer systems used by telecommunications service providers to manage their networks (e.
The 2013–14 New Orleans Privateers women's basketball team represented the University of New Orleans during the 2013–14 NCAA Division I women's basketball season.
Khaled Ayari (born 17 January 1990) is a Tunisian professional footballer who plays as a striker for French club Angers.
Taruga longinasus (common names: southern whipping frog, long-snouted tree-frog) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.
Boulevard Bridge in the independent city of Richmond, Virginia is a toll bridge which carries State Route 161 across the James River.
Telvis is a Finnish television award presented by the Katso magazine.
The Anthony Lane House is a historic house at 250 Seven Bridge Road in Lancaster, Massachusetts.
This is a sortable table of the approximately 676 townlands in County Louth, Ireland.
Vendor Daniel State Licency is a 1994 Malayalam film directed by Balu Kiriyath, and starring Thilakan, Jagadish, Jagathy Sreekumar and Vinduja Menon.
Junttan Oy is a Finnish company that specializes in the design, manufacture, marketing and service of hydraulic piling equipment and ExcaDrill excavator-mounted drilling rigs.
Aderra Inc. is a music technology company based in Los Angeles, London, Las Vegas, Melbourne, Tokyo, Nashville, New York, Paris and Luxembourg.
Bridge Creek is a 28-mile (45 km) tributary of the John Day River in the U.S. state of Oregon.
Daylight Again is the seventh album by Crosby, Stills & Nash, and their fourth studio album comprising original material.
Saffré is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.
Huis ter Heide is a hamlet in the Netherlands and it is part of the Noordenveld municipality in Drenthe.
Gaultheria humifusa is a species of shrub in the heath family which is known by the common names alpine wintergreen and alpine spicy wintergreen.
East Peoria Community High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school located in East Peoria, Illinois, and is the only school of East Peoria Community High School District 309.
“On the Cruelty of Really Teaching Computing Science” is a 1988 paper by E. W. Dijkstra which argues that computer programming should be understood as a branch of mathematics, and that the formal provability of a program is a major criterion for correctness.
William Howell Arthur Thomas (27 February 1895 – 22 March 1979) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Acrocercops chalinosema is a moth of the Gracillariidae family, known from Java, Indonesia.
Richfield, is a city in eastern Minnesota.
Frank Gerald Soltis (born 1940), an American computer scientist, was IBM's Chief Scientist for the System i computers.
Richard Absalonsen is a Greenlandic politician and member of the Atassut party.
Bromodichloromethane is a trihalomethane with formula CHBrCl2.
Chelambra is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala, India.
The Niharondasa Seneca First Nation is a Seneca First Nation in southern Ontario, and a member nation of the Six Nations of the Grand River.
Teixeirópolis is a municipality located in the Brazilian state of Rondônia.
Dandelion Paddock was a first-class cricket ground in Dandelion, near Margate, Kent.
"Moja štikla" (English translation: "My High-Heel") was the Croatian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2006, performed in Croatian by Severina.
Dentimargo fusinus is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae, the margin snails.
N*E*R*D (a backronym of No-One Ever Really Dies) is an American rock, funk, and hip hop band.
Pleasant Valley is also a village in Springfield Township, Bucks County.
Sabine Hazboun (born 1994) is a Palestinian swimmer.
A tidal barrage is a dam-like structure used to capture the energy from masses of water moving in and out of a bay or river due to tidal forces.
"Pegao" From "pegado"(English: "Close") is the first single by Wisin & Yandel from the album Los Vaqueros.
Silicon Valley Arbitration and Mediation Center (or SVAMC) is a non-profit corporation based in Palo Alto, California that provides programming and resources to the global technology sector to advance the efficient resolution of technology-related business disputes.
British Organic Geochemical Society (BOGS) is an organization that aims to promote, exchange and discuss all aspects of organic geochemistry.
Rosinos de la Requejada is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain.
Major General Jarvis D. Lynch Jr., USMC, (born February 17, 1933) retired in 1991 as the Commanding General, Marine Corps Recruit Depot/Commanding General, Eastern Recruiting Region, Parris Island, South Carolina.
Defensive vomiting refers to the use of emesis to defend against ingested pathogens or, in animals, against predators.
The Right to Organise and Collective Bargaining Convention (1951) No 98 is an International Labour Organization Convention.
Choice Digital was the digital variant of London radio station Choice FM, which could previously be heard via DAB Digital Radio in many locations around the UK and on Sky Digital channel 0114 and online at its website.
Burger Baron is a chain of fast-food restaurants in Western Canada.
Dewey Lambdin (born 1945) is an American nautical historical novelist.
Preah Netr Preah (Khmer: ស្រុកព្រះនេត្រព្រះ, "Eyes of the Lord") is a district (srok) in the east of Banteay Meanchey Province, in north-western Cambodia.
The Conseil scolaire catholique Providence (CSC Providence) is the French language separate school board for southwestern Ontario, Canada.
“The Three-Day Blow” is a short story written by Ernest Hemingway, published in the 1925 New York edition of In Our Time, by Boni & Liveright.
William Smith Peck, Sr. (1873–1946) was a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from Sicily Island in Catahoula Parish, Louisiana, having served from 1920-1928.
Tsakonians (Greek: Τσάκωνες Tsákones) are a native Greek population group, speakers of the Tsakonian dialect, or more broadly, inhabitants of Tsakonia in the eastern Peloponnese and followers of certain Tsakonian cultural traditions, such as the Tsakonian dance.
Puposky is an unincorporated community in Durand Township, Beltrami County, Minnesota, United States.
The Bohemian-Moravian Highlands (Czech: Českomoravská vrchovina or Vysočina; German: Böhmisch-Mährische Höhe) is an extensive and long range of hills and low mountains over 150 kilometres (93 mi) long, which runs in a northeasterly direction across the Czech Republic and forms the border between Bohemia and Moravia.
Enfield is a village in White County, Illinois, United States.
Povilas Budrys (born August 12, 1962 in Čiulai, Molėtai) is a Lithuanian theatre and film actor and artist.
Edward D'Oyley 'Ted' Barratt (21 April 1844 – 27 February 1891) was an English cricketer who played mainly for Surrey in a first-class career that lasted from 1872 to 1886.
Galvanized Souls is an American alternative rock and post-grunge band based in Somis, California.
Dogs of War!
The Leşu Ursului mine was a large mine in the east of Romania in Suceava County close to Broșteni.
The Tara Bai class of coastal patrol vessels is a series of six watercraft built by Singapore Slipway & Engineering and Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers, Kolkata for Indian Coast Guard.
Anna Renzi (c.
The Goan writer José da Silva Coelho was the author of several dozen pieces of wickedly satirical short fiction in the 1920s and 1930s, published for the most part in the Portuguese-language newspaper O Heraldo.
Băneasa (Romanian pronunciation: [bəˈne̯asa]) is a borough (Romanian: cartier) in the north side of Bucharest, near the Băneasa Lake (0.
Standings and results for Group A of the regular season phase of the 2010–11 Eurocup basketball tournament.
The Suffolk Premier Cup is the top level football cup competition organised by the Suffolk FA.
The marriage gap describes observed economic and political disparities in the US between those who are married and those who are single.
Białe-Figle [ˈbjawɛ ˈfiɡlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Warsaw Citadel (Polish: Cytadela Warszawska) is a 19th-century fortress in Warsaw, Poland.
The Bat of Minerva, a regional cable television show based in the Twin Cities of Minneapolis and St. Paul, engages people in conversation about their lives and ideas.
Belden is a ghost town located in Sikes Township in Mountrail County, North Dakota.
Anders Michanek (born 30 May 1943 in Stockholm, Sweden) is a Speedway rider.
The ETA Foods Factory is an important Modernist industrial building employing glass curtain wall design.
Quchash (Persian: قوچاش‎, also Romanized as Qūchāsh) is a village in Hajjilar-e Shomali Rural District, Hajjilar District, Chaypareh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
Freddy Valentín Acevedo is a Puerto Rican politician and former Senator.
Alstom Metropolis is a metro trainset by Alstom.
Boscastle (Cornish: Kastel Boterel) is a village and fishing port on the north coast of Cornwall, England, UK, in the civil parish of Forrabury and Minster.
Mitra contracta is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae, the miters or miter snails.
Thexder (テグザー, Teguzā) is an arcade-style run-and-gun shooter action game from Game Arts, originally released as a PC game for the NEC PC-8001 in 1985 and subsequently ported to a number of other personal computer platforms throughout the 1980s and 1990s as well as the NES video game console.
Desmond "Des" McKeown (born 18 January 1970, Glasgow) is a retired Scottish footballer who played for Airdrieonians, Albion Rovers, Queen of the South in two spells, Partick Thistle and Stenhousemuir.
The Idaho Panhandle is the northern region of the U.S. State of Idaho that encompasses the state's ten northernmost counties: Benewah, Bonner, Boundary, Clearwater, Idaho, Kootenai, Latah, Lewis, Nez Perce, and Shoshone.
McMillan is a town in Marathon County, Wisconsin, United States.
A fallstreak hole, also known as a hole punch cloud, punch hole cloud, skypunch, canal cloud or cloud hole, is a large circular or elliptical gap that can appear in cirrocumulus or altocumulus clouds.
The SEC–Big East Challenge was an in-season NCAA college basketball series, matching up teams from the Southeastern Conference and the former Big East Conference.
Carol Kalish (February 14, 1955 – September 5, 1991) was an American writer, editor, comic book retailer, and sales manager.
Nils Rydström (born 15 September 1921) is a Swedish fencer.
Lissette Gonzalez (born 1976) has served as the morning and noon meteorologist for CBS4 WFOR-TV CBS4 News since 2007.
The Moscow Finnish School (MFS, Finnish: Moskovan suomalainen peruskoulu, MSP) is a Finnish-education private school in Lomonosovsky District, South-Western Administrative Okrug, Moscow, Russia, operated by the Finnish School Association.
The 1896 Sewanee Tigers football team represented the Sewanee Tigers of Sewanee: The University of the South during the 1896 college football season.
Pauline Neura Reilly OAM (5 December 1918 – 22 April 2011) was an Australian author and ornithologist.
The Trofile assay is a blood test that identifies the tropism of a patient's HIV.
Leo Bunk (born 23 October 1962) is a German former footballer who played as a striker.
TASS Is Authorized to Declare.
Torin's Passage is a point-and-click adventure game developed and published by Sierra On-Line in 1995.
Houses can be built in a large variety of configurations.
Omi Sato (born 22 December 1975) is a former Japanese football player.
John Benedict Steele (March 28, 1814 – September 24, 1866) was a U.S. Representative from New York in the American Civil War.
Peter Henry Abrahams Deras (born 3 March 1919), commonly known as Peter Abrahams, is a South African novelist, journalist and political commentator.
Megachile fulvipennis is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae.
Prophet of the Last Eclipse is the second album in a solo trilogy by symphonic power metal songwriter Luca Turilli of the band Rhapsody of Fire.
Whiplash is a platformer video game for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox where a long-tailed weasel chained to a rabbit must work together to escape from a product testing corporation known as Genron and putting the fat boss out of commission.
Oakwood, also known as Trumble Cottage, is a historic plantation home located near Gadsden, Richland County, South Carolina.
Jeffrey Chuan Chu (朱傳榘) (July 14, 1919 – June 6, 2011), born in Tianjin, Chinese Republic (Republican era), was a pioneer computer engineer.
An Extended Project Qualification (EPQ) is a qualification taken by some students in the United Kingdom, where it is equivalent to half an A level.
Number 9 Audio Group is a recording studio located in the Cabbagetown area of Toronto, Canada at 222 Gerrard Street East.
Three-tier education refers to those structures of schooling, which exist in some parts of England, where pupils are taught in three distinct school types.
Jabal Dadnah is a mountain in Fujairah.
Stanely Ng Yong Woo (born 27 May 1992) is a Singaporean footballer who plays as a midfielder for S.League club Courts Young Lions.
The 2013–14 Biathlon World Cup – Individual Women started at Thursday November 28, 2013.
The Marotandrano Reserve is a wildlife reserve in Mandritsara, Mahajanga, Madagascar.
Black Magic 2 (Cantonese: 勾魂降頭 Gou hun jiang tou) is a 1976 Hong Kong horror film directed by Ho Meng Hua.
Batman: Year 100 is a four-issue American comic book mini-series starring Batman, published in 2006 by DC Comics.
The 2007 gubernatorial election in the Mexican state of Yucatán was held on May 20, 2007, as part of the larger Yucatán state election.
The atomic radius of a chemical element is a measure of the size of its atoms, usually the mean or typical distance from the nucleus to the boundary of the surrounding cloud of electrons.
Bob Emerick (February 21, 1913 – September 28, 2003) was an American football player who spent two years in the National Football League.
Time and Tide is a 2000 Hong Kong action film directed by Tsui Hark.
Kandrše (pronounced [ˈkaːndəɾʃɛ]; German: Kandersche) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Litija in central Slovenia.
Chicken tikka masala is a dish of roasted chunks of chicken tikka in a spicy sauce.
Blackalls Park was a former railway station in the suburb of Blackalls Park, on the former Fassifern - Toronto branch line in New South Wales, Australia.
Khosrowjerd (Persian: خسروجرد‎, also Romanized as Khosrow Gerd, Khosrow Jerd, and Khusro Gird; also known as Khosrow Gard Bāresh and Khosrow Gerd Abāresh) is a village in Qasabeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.
Uncle Mo (foaled March 10, 2008, in Kentucky) is an American champion Thoroughbred racehorse who went undefeated in his two-year-old season.
Silver Lake is a lake in Lake County, Oregon, United States.
Kozanaq (Persian: كزنق‎, also Romanized as Kanzanaq; also known as Gazang, Gonzanaq, Kanzana, Kanzanagh, and Kotarnaq) is a village in Esperan Rural District, in the Central District of Tabriz County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
Captain (Japanese: キャプテン, Hepburn: Kyaputen) is a baseball manga series by Akio Chiba which ran in Monthly Shōnen Jump (published by Shueisha) from 1972 to 1979.
Prof.
Mecyna atlanticum is a species of moth in the Crambidae family.
Camilla Henemark (born 23 October 1964), also known as La Camilla, is a Swedish singer, actress, political spokesperson and former fashion model.
GT-76 is a Swedish Bandy club from Stockholm who were founded in 1976 when two sport clubs, Gubbängens SK, and Tallen IK merged and created GT-76.
Grzybowo [ɡʐɨˈbɔvɔ] is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Reszel, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
R v Dersch, [1993] 3 S.C.R. 768 is a leading Supreme Court of Canada decision on the right against unreasonable search and seizure under section 8 of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms.
James Russell Grover, Jr. (March 5, 1919 – October 14, 2012) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.
Nina Staehli (* 30 August 1961 in Zug) is a Swiss artist based in Berlin and Lucerne.
Clyde W. Biggers (March 6, 1925 – December 23, 1976) was an American football coach and college athletics administrator.
Salvatore "Tutti" Camarata (May 11, 1913 – April 13, 2005) was a composer, arranger, trumpeter, and record producer.
Axel Teichmann (born July 14, 1979 in Ebersdorf, today Saalburg-Ebersdorf, Thuringia) is a retired German cross-country skier.
The following units of the French army fought in the Algerian War of Independence in 1961.
Toni Rothmund (2 October 1877, Barlt (Schleswig-Holstein)- 22 August 1956) was a German writer and journalist.
Robert J. Stevens (born 1951), is a retired Executive Chairman of Lockheed Martin.
The Hedgehog and the Fox is a late Minimalist sculpture of Richard Serra, installed between Peyton and Fine halls and the football stadium at Princeton University in 2000.
Nabovat Rural District (Persian: دهستان نبوت‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran.
Hector McNeill (1728-1785) was an Irish born emigrant to the British colonies in America who became a Merchant Marine for the British Crown before during and after the Seven Years' War.
Ben-Jacob's bacteria are two pattern forming social bacteria strains, the Paenibacillus dendritiformis and the Paenibacillus vortex discovered in the early 1990s by Eshel Ben-Jacob.
Lucy Ratcliffe (born Lucy Emily Ratcliffe in North Shields, Tyne & Wear) is an English fashion model and the inaugural winner of Britain's Next Top Model.
Akama Shrine (赤間神宮, Akama Jingū) is a Shinto shrine in Shimonoseki, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan.
Roman Pavlovich Yemelyanov (Russian: Роман Павлович Емельянов; born May 8, 1992 in Pavlovo, Nizhny Novgorod Oblast, Russia) is a Russian professional football player who plays for FC Ural Sverdlovsk Oblast.
South Washington Heights is a Roanoke, Virginia neighborhood located in far western Roanoke.
Robert Dundas, 2nd Viscount Melville KT, PC, FRS (14 March 1771 – 10 June 1851) was a British statesman, the son of Henry Dundas, the 1st Viscount.
Wildenbörten a German municipality in the Thuringian district of Altenburger Land.
Nuclear Nebraska: The Remarkable Story of the Little County That Couldn’t Be Bought is a 2007 book by Susan Cragin which follows the controversy about a proposed low level nuclear waste dump which was planned for Boyd County, Nebraska.
In supramolecular chemistry, dynamic covalent chemistry is a strategy that aims at synthesizing large complex molecules.
Dyschirius sphaericollis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae.
Peter Hooten (born November 29, 1950 as John Peter Hooten in Clermont, Florida); is an American actor and producer.
Sir Thomas Canon (born 1567) was a Welsh antiquarian and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1625 to 1629.
The list of ship commissionings in 1993 includes a chronological list of all ships commissioned in 1993.
Barbara Ann Cassani, CBE, (born July 22, 1960) is an American businesswoman.
Harry Chadwick is a footballer who played as a winger in the Football League for Tranmere Rovers.
The Zumbi River is a river of Pernambuco state in western Brazil.
Naval Board of Inquiry and Naval Court of Inquiry are two types of investigative court proceedings, conducted by the United States Navy in response to an event that adversely affects the performance, or reputation, of the fleet or one of its ships or stations.
John R. Grout is an American educator who serves as Dean of the Campbell School of Business at Berry College.
James Feddeck is an orchestral conductor.
Kuldeep Singh is a music director for Hindi films who composed ghazals such as Tumko dekha to ye khayal aaya and Itni shakti hame dena daata.
Karl Beth (1872–1959) was a German academic involved in the fields of the history of religion, the psychology of religion, and Christianity.
Horseheads is a town in Chemung County, New York, United States.
Ezzatabad (Persian: عزتاباد‎, also Romanized as ‘Ezzatābād) is a village in Najafabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.
The Makgona Tsohle Band was a South African instrumental band that is noted for creating the mbaqanga music style.
Steffi Graf was the defending champion going into the final against her rival Gabriela Sabatini.
1984 in sports describes the year's events in world sport.
Soetdoring Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in Free State, South Africa.
Spofforth /ˈspɒfərθ/ is a village in the civil parish of Spofforth with Stockeld in the Harrogate district of North Yorkshire, England.
Hrachia Nersisyan (Armenian: Հրաչյա Ներսիսյան, 24 November 1895 – 6 November 1961) was a Soviet-Armenian film actor.
Philodryas chamissonis, commonly known as the long-tailed snake, is a species of moderately venomous opisthoglyphous (rear-fanged) colubrid snake native to South America.
The 1988 Major League Baseball All-Star Game was the 59th playing of the "Midsummer Classic" between Major League Baseball's American League (AL) and National League All-Star teams.
These are the official results of the Men's 800 metres event at the 1987 IAAF World Championships in Rome, Italy.
The Franzhagen Castle - also known as Franzgarten or Franzhof was a castle near the present-day Schulendorf in southern Schleswig-Holstein.
Sauniere was a freighter operated by Algoma Central Marine.
William Challee (April 6, 1904-March 11, 1989) was an American actor.
Kylie Sturgess is an award-winning blogger, author and independent podcast host of The Token Skeptic Podcast.
Enrique Piñeyro Queralt, also referred to as Enric Piñeyro or the Marqués de la Mesa de Asta, was a Spanish aristocrat and president of FC Barcelona between 1940 and 1943.
Frank Corbett is a former Deputy Premier of Nova Scotia.
Yaramushi (Persian: ياراموشي‎, also Romanized as Yārāmūshī; also known as Yaramiri (Persian: ياراميري), also Romanized as Yārāmīrī) is a village in Itivand-e Shomali Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Lawrence Chandler is an American-born composer, musician, and sound artist living in London.
Jolen is a fictional character, and a superhero in Marvel Comics' universe.
Juventus F.C. had one of its best seasons ever, before being caught in Italian football's biggest ever scandal, which stripped the club of two league titles and relegated it to Serie B, as well as suspending club directors Luciano Moggi and Antonio Giraudo for life.
Sydney Smith (3 June 1771 – 22 February 1845) was an English wit, writer and Anglican cleric.
Paul McGuire (born in Edinburgh, Scotland) is a host on Canada's CMT network.
The GTUBE ("Generic Test for Unsolicited Bulk Email") is a 68-byte test string used to test anti-spam systems, in particular those based on SpamAssassin.
Southeast Asia Building is a trade magazine based in Singapore, started in 1974.
Stolsbergi is a mountain of Buskerud, in southern Norway.
Fort Branch Site is a historic archaeological site located near Hamilton, Martin County, North Carolina.
The Royal Albanian Guard (Albanian: Garda Mbretërore) was from 1928 till 1939 and was part of the Royal Albanian Army.
The Diocese of Brechin is in the east of Scotland, and is the smallest of the seven dioceses of the Scottish Episcopal Church.
Malgassophlebia is a genus of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.
Dudswell is a municipality of 1,600 people in Le Haut-Saint-François Regional County Municipality, in Quebec, Canada.
Edward Ackley was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate.
Refried Ectoplasm (Switched on Volume 2), released in July 1995, is a compilation by Stereolab of singles and rarities.
Continuity of Employment (Seafarers) Convention, 1976 is an International Labour Organization Convention.
Stalgėnai eldership (Lithuanian: Stalgėnų seniūnija) is an eldership in the centre of Plungė District Municipality.
Wase may refer to: Wase, Nigeria, a town and Local Government Area (LGA) in Plateau State, Nigeria Wase River, a river in the aforementioned LGA Christopher Wase (1625?
"The Stone of the Witch Queen" is a fantasy story written by L. Sprague de Camp as part of his Pusadian series.
Mukhtar Qapashuly Altynbayev (Kazakh: Мұхтар Қапашұлы Алтынбаев) (born December 10, 1945 in Karaganda, Kazakh SSR, Soviet Union) served as the Minister of Defense and General of the Army of Kazakhstan twice, most recently from December 2001 to 10 January 2007.
Leslie Odom, Jr. (born August 6, 1981) is an American actor and singer.
Rajab (Arabic: رجب‎) is the seventh month of the Islamic calendar.
Oberaarsee is a hydroelectric reservoir in the Grimsel area, part of the municipality of Guttannen, Switzerland.
Eretmophorus kleinenbergi is a species of morid cod found in the Mediterranean Sea and possibly into the Atlantic Ocean.
The Swedenborgian Church in North America (also known as the General Convention of the Church of the New Jerusalem).
The 1946–47 season was the 32nd in the history of the Isthmian League.
Emanuele Sella (born 9 January 1981 in Vicenza) is an Italian road racing cyclist who currently rides with the Italian team Androni-Sidermec.
Vasile Marin (January 29, 1904 in Bucharest – January 13, 1937 in Majadahonda) was a Romanian politician, public servant and lawyer.
Not to be confused with his Swedish teammate at the 1920 Summer Olympics Sven-Olof Jonsson.
Aarhus Docklands (Danish: Aarhus Ø) is a new neighbourhood and construction project in Aarhus, Denmark.
The Sharp EL-8, also known as the ELSI-8, was one of the earliest mass-produced hand-held electronic calculators and the first hand-held calculator to be made by Sharp.
Emma Ayres (born 1967) is a musician, music teacher and radio presenter.
Snehadeepam is a 1962 Malayalam language film directed and produced by P. Subramaniam.
David Martin "Dave" Campbell (born 13 September 1969, Dublin) is a former Irish footballer and is currently Chief Scout for St Patrick's Athletic.
Alexander Vasilyevich Berdnikov (Russian: Алекса́ндр Васи́льевич Бе́рдников; born April 8, 1953 in Gorno-Altaysk) is a Russian politician, current Chairman of the Government of the Altai Republic, and the head of the republic.
Françoise Robin received a DEA at INALCO in 1999.
Araban (Persian: عربان‎, also Romanized as ‘Arabān) is a village in Kasma Rural District, in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.
Wallace L. Minto (born August 6, 1921, Jersey City, New Jersey, United States – September 3, 1983) had a passion for science at a very young age.
Frisa is a comune and town in the Province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region of Italy.
Dạ cổ hoài lang 夜鼓懷郎("Night Drum Beats Causes Longing for Absent Husband") is a Vietnamese song, composed 1919 by songwriter Cao Văn Lầu, colloquially known as "ông Sáu Lầu," from Bạc Liêu.
Ephedra gerardiana (Gerard's Jointfir, 山岭麻黄 shan ling ma huang) is a species of Ephedra, endemic to the mountains of Afghanistan, Bhutan, northern India, Nepal, Pakistan, Sikkim, Tajikistan, and Tibet.
Meike Hoffmann (born 1962) is a German art historian and provenance researcher.
"I Will Wait for You" is the English version of "Je ne pourrai jamais vivre sans toi", a song from the French musical The Umbrellas of Cherbourg (Les Parapluies de Cherbourg, 1964).
Eastern Green is a mainly residential suburb in the far west of Coventry, England, and was formerly a village in Warwickshire.
Slančji Vrh (pronounced [ˈslaːntʃi ˈvərx]) is a small nucleated village in the Municipality of Sevnica in east-central Slovenia.
Bilek is a village in the District of Beşiri, Batman Province, Turkey.
Julia Marcell (born 1982) is a Polish singer-songwriter and pianist.
Vito Žuraj (born May 7, 1979 in Ljubljana) is a Slovenian composer.
The following is the list of players who have debuted either in the Australian Football League (AFL) or for a new club during the 2015 AFL season.
Miguel Altube (born 6 May 1960) is an Argentine former field hockey player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
The 1979 Estonian SSR Football Championship was won by Norma.
Workers' Revolutionary Party (in Spanish: Partido Revolucionario de los Trabajadores) is a trotskyist political party in Peru founded in 1978 by a fraction of PST, FIR(IV) and FIR(Combate).
The 62nd Infantry Division Marmarica was an Infantry Division of the Italian Army during World War II.
